[Music]
I played the Play
music
[Music]
my
so Nothing I
[Music]
be
tsunami
[Music]
and
br
[Music]
we we
willam be so
we
[Music]
iers
tc
[Music]
b b b
b
[Applause]
[Music]
Ho
and
I have
[Music]
[Applause]
s
[Music]
buoy
Pro
[Music]
evil
MC
[Music]
Just j
maha
[Music]
P
[Applause]
[Music]
Au
Oh
[Music]
She got a Smile that it seems to me
Me of Child
m was as the Bright Blue
[Music]
Sky
love of
[Music]
Mine
ye
[Music]
Back once Again the renegade Master people
damage To The People Back once Again the
Ren Master dam with the behav back once
Again the r Master dam To The People
Back Again the dam back
Again dam to Back
again
once Again
the
Again
[Music]
Again once again
conir
your time
[Music]
time
with someone but
end revive
time
time no
we lose
we turn on when
noos and no we cannot want we cannot
eat dad we get lost we stop
we light
when we do not delay
unem and
No
[Music]
She
said She sees the
Vision
[Music]
PR we can't
eat here we get lost and we turn on
stop, we'll stop and go where we don't
we may not want to
can
[Music]
C
I I swe I Dance I Rock I sweat I Dance I
ro I sweat I Dance I Rock I sweat I
Dance I Rock I sweat I Dance I Rock I
sweep I dance I rock
[Music]
[Applause]
Just
[Music]
[Applause]
like my Body not your private daner Just
dancer on theo
Body swe not your private daner juster
on the
[Music]
[Applause]
body
[Music]
[Applause]
Well, we cut the music there and I give you
Good night, how are you my people?
how have you been today
Hey, listen to me, it's tremendous, it's true, Tesa.
Sorry I'm going I'm going I'm going right now I'm going now
same good let's see today has been a day
a little crazy eh or so yesterday when I finished
the live Yesterday when I finished the
I went straight to record the news
both the puny and the puny of
the kids and the lollipop doesn't stop
gentlemen exclusive actions that good
I put some of them in the news and others
after when I was almost
rendering the newscast almost edited
Well, I got what I just uploaded in
the main channel is not what they are
basically Ali videos in the
nightclub the same weekend that
Well, it's assumed that they had hit her, right?
that they had broken his face, eh?
same guy she's dancing with By
right well let's see I know that Ricky edaz
uploaded a video I know this was it
I fully expected it would have happened
I liked to keep to the schedules a little.
cly Demon thank you very much indeed
Look how things are. Oh, I am.
still here from yesterday with the Delos thing
look how things are that while
I'm putting this and turning it over
Okay, look how it is.
that yesterday Well yesterday yesterday is today clear
I obviously went to bed at 12 o'clock
12 in the morning I went to bed at 12
tomorrow Why Because I finished the
newscasts I recorded a few videos
For telesalseo I got a new one
information I had to put together a video
I had to gather other information and
In the end I had to start structuring and
to record the last exclusive that I just finished
from uploading a while ago on the channel
main value is an hour ago and
media we are going to react to the video of
Ricky, I haven't seen anything at all.
I only know that they have sent me a couple of
clips in the youth group in
That pair of Clip there are two things One that I
It seems okay, that is, they have sent me a
click that I find regrettable in which
I'm going to see it now in context, okay?
But let's go the context is going to be the one
There isn't much more context. I have
sent a click on the one that says Ricky
Eddie, what do you think of the one who, although his
girlfriend has cheated on him and
I lied and I was right from the start
the first day
okay, what do you still think?
regrettable or disgusting I think he said
disgusting that it still seems to him
disgusting the channels that have been
dedicated to research and information and
contrast the information on your own
involving third parties who are not
have nothing to do with the subject
current and is
How can you say that [ __ ]?
nonsense Ricky or whatever I hope you are
you've already had to be delirious at the moment
repent and delete 7 million
visits because instead of listening to what
we were telling you instead of
Listen to what we were telling you.
you took your girlfriend who had just left you
to cheat on her because you caught her
conversations that you are not stupid that
you know what you had caught and you
You brought your girlfriend from Zaragoza to
Andorra to contradict the
Dallas
dude, what did you do all [ __ ] week?
all [ __ ] week a kiss Many
thanks tesa all [ __ ] week doing
a series of videos responding to the and
that you were going to report her but that
er dalla was so stupid that I don't know what
taking you with the firul and all those
Twitter accounts and you're going to start
say in a clip you seriously said it is
that I have really seen the clip I have
left freaking out
Hey, I've seen the clip. I'm stuck.
freaking out that you find it disgusting that the
gossip channels investigate for their
account but you realize the
nonsense that you just said Ricky and you
You have edited that video and uploaded it.
uncle be a thing or a thing you say in
the heat but that you take and you
you hear me in a video saying that you
It seems disgusting that people
report So what did I want you to do?
we would take into account that you have had to
delete the videos because you were
saying
nonsense information you will see
conversations
audio videos I released today a video of Ali
at the disco the same weekend
dancing affectionately with the boy
that with the one who has the trial the month
who comes and finds it disgusting that
let's investigate on our own but
how are you going to say that or so then
How cool it is not to be as informed as you are
and talk
nonsense or rather it is that it is true
I go when I hear that click and
then
eh or so after after that
is having to back down because now
he is finding out what I told him
first day boy that they have put you
horns and is on top using a
excuse huh
on the subject of being raped or
he cheats on you and says no no
I cheated on you on purpose, it was without
want me, they raped me, [ __ ], uncle hosa
uncle and what do you think
It's disgusting that the channels of
information Get information from the sources
originals that apart from that he starts to say
that I have searched for or that we
we have searched I did not have to search
Nobody I was informing myself with the
people of Zaragoza with the environment
They sent a lot of conversations that
I have not used them because they are not necessary
but a lot of conversations of your
girlfriend telling her friends I mean but
That's what I said, what Ricky said that
It's the second thing I've seen
two clicks only that one and another and the other
click that I saw is Ricky saying
who has seen a conversation in which
Lali is telling a friend that
Lali is telling a friend
lie to him we have to lie to him you have to
lie like a [ __ ] scoundrel to Ricky
You have to lie to him like a scoundrel, my
boyfriend so he doesn't catch me you have to
lie to him like
I told that in an exclusive interview.
I remember now what video it is if someone
Do you know what video it is please tell me with
the exact minute is worth putting it here
because I said that three weeks ago
and I know who told you I know who told you
ha
said and I mentioned those
conversations it was you who didn't
found out or because you were very blinded
with your relatives and you wanted to believe yourself a
something that you didn't believe in
background or what I think it is
for contradicting Dallas or
be it to contradict the
Dallas, you've decided to get back with her.
that they have even sent me
Walking through Andorra you have been with her
until two days ago and what do you think?
bear with all Come on, I mean you're already telling me
touching the balls a little Ricky I'm going to you
to tell the truth and in the end you're going to
get angry or rather because you've already passed seven
towns when you started to get involved
with me for some conversations that you
Yes, you didn't inform yourself a [ __ ] thing.
and you
fiastri
eh And you take it and you started to say that I
I was a dirty old man who was I don't know what
that I was I don't know how much without informing you
You said you were going to order some [ __ ] [ __ ].
sorry and you didn't ask for it, did you see the RTs of
alali On tiktok what a nerve is not in
tiktok can be retweeted Javi do you think that
Dallas will talk to Lali to convince her
that he accuses Ricky of the worst and does
a circus or I've smoked a joint I'm
crazy
Uh, well you were born crazy already.
You're crazy but very crazy. But oh well.
independently responding to your
question I think Dallan is not going to
talk to licky, talk to Ricky, not to Lali
with Ricky not with Lali
It's really a pain, huh?
send eggs
The guy is a [ __ ] balls
Uncle It's that really Or like
I understand that you are frustrated that you are
annoying but let's see man
look at yourself look at yourself
Uncle, they have cheated on you, they have cheated on you
put the horns they have invented the
excuse that you have been raped that you have been
cuckolded accidentally made like
the one you swallowed because you didn't
you had swallowed it from the first day or
be you saw conversations where she
she erases thoroughly where she erases
awareness parts where you are
putting green is talking about lying to him
you didn't believe your friends from the beginning
At first you wanted to forgive her and
continue with it, then continue with it
but no no no no don't do that nonsense
No
Don't lie
uncle
Yes Javi Go to the profile and there they come out
reposts that you want to forgive her
You can forgive her as many times as she does to you
We are missing according to what they told me in
Zaragoza has not been the only time, eh?
It turns out that I'm not going to get into that anymore.
but you spent a week denying it
mess with the channels that were there
giving information and you have had to
delete all videos from the entire
week uncle Because we were right
from the first day but if it is that
We praise it for being but if we are going to
see but if it is that from the first day
From the first day I said it Let's see
This doesn't add up because of this, because of this and because of
This and this is why from the first day only
with the clues and then with the
information was available to everyone
saying what
there was you making videos talking like that
Seriously yes because I don't know what Because I don't know
how much Tala does not know what has happened to me
threatened by I don't know how much, speaking like that
as if superior to others
putting on a smart tone when
They are putting you in Up to your ears and
putting on a smart tone and you have
had to delete all the
videos you have had to delete all the
videos and on top of that you've deleted them all
the
videos above that you have deleted all the
videos you come from
arrogant, that is, you take the luxury of
come in an arrogant manner and tell the
other than that you find it disgusting that it is
report by including third parties
that have nothing to do with me I
Ricky asked really eh Who doesn't
He's crazy in this life, there's that.
live it crazy say yes I will
I ask you a real question, Ricky, and you
I'm going to ask it here because a
debate you are not going to come and maybe and I
Report me if I challenge you to a debate
and How is it that Ali's ex-boyfriend doesn't
has nothing to do with this story How
that we are bringing in third parties
that have no place in the
story who takes Ali's ex-boyfriend out
in a video with one and a half million
visit with a tser who looked like
that was an elite tser
3 who puts Ali's boyfriend saying
that she has been mistreated and that she does not put
You report your rapist because he doesn't
They take the ex-boyfriend's complaints How
[ __ ] has nothing to do with it
The thing is, you have to have balls.
What you don't want is that they are or is
that is
frustrated, let's go, I really hallucinate
And to finish the end of the video, eh
That is, to finish the end of the video
I haven't seen this but it has been pointed out to me.
posted in response to his followers on
my
twit What are you doing talking about the topic that
Ricky has asked that the subject not be discussed.
that Ricky has asked not to talk about it
topic but come on now that's what I was missing
that I make myself in the schedule that comes and
the outline tells me, that is, with all the
respect that is being treated on top
the guy touching my balls
to every piece of information we get by touching me
balls with the respect that we have
dealing with the subject and on top of that he gives me
permission to address the issue or not when
the guy has made a teaser that looks like the
third season of
elite when he has recorded a worthy video
of physics or chemistry and then has them
had to delete because they have done a
exposing infidels, see for yourself if it is
the media topic with a million and a half
to visit you
video asking that the topic not be discussed
Of course, of course, of course, yes
Of course not, but on top of that, the
followers to quarrel look at the first thing that
Ricky has asked The first thing he does is
as
Sorry
Sorry, the first thing is that I haven't seen
the video and the second thing is that we are going to see
I will treat the subject with the utmost respect
possible but it is an issue that they have
viral media event and
gossip, that is, it is a topic that neither I nor anyone else
on the internet I would have tried if they hadn't
they do it
public They
makes us believe in justice again
cases of Ricky Planas and Jorge Ja in a
Same day they reaffirmed me well Okay that's it
Two quick exclusives before I get started
watching the video is worth two
exclusive knowledge of this is over
to find out But well Congratulations Adria
of freedom and whatever arises
in adria freedom and whatever arises has
cattle has won a lawsuit against Joan
flat really makes me feel this lazy
talk about this topic because the truth is
which is already a topic that we have super
forgotten but super forgotten, damn it Me
I just got on tiktok and I just realized
account that I have a tiktok with 1000
visits Look, madness, no madness, no
kid, how are we lately?
and freedom and whatever arises has won a
demand
a a Joan Plana this claim is filed by Joan
flat and good is the third demand that
loses Joan Plana sued three
youtubers I was one Nicoteca was another and
adri was another ok and saying that
we had insulted and grabbed the clips
where we insult him but of course eh where
We insulted him in the case of Adri Bueno
Look, it doesn't matter, he says that we insulted him.
Okay, taking the clicks.
we cut out what he had said
Okay then no I haven't read the
The sentence of this case is valid. But
Well, Adri probably wins, Joan.
flat the will be resorting as it has
made with the other demands to be
the maximum possible year saying that
has sued people, okay. That's it.
It's okay to make a fuss about it
Whatever coast you want
but basically the judges, of course, let's see
I understand that you already know this
the context of the whole story does not
I'm going to tell you all about it right now
story of Joan Plana I mean if he
continue with that topic I think you should
people should have turned the page
People fight on the Internet
arguments but I haven't hit each other for 7 years
arguing with a person or each
one that each person believes whoever wants to
take sides with whoever you want
get to work, start creating content like
you did before that went well for you and each one
each one to his own thing with his work and
everyone dedicating ourselves to what we
like it okay there was a crash there was a
fight outside is already Okay but oh well eh
basically put a demand on each one
one cutting the clicks Don't look at this
minute tells me this in this minute
says another little word but of course what is not
He said that was what he had said so that
people would respond like that in the case
from Adri because there were tweets in which he
He even involved his hygiene in the case
I think there was a specific tweet from Adria.
which was the first one they had of
conflict in which there were up to six
insults okay And well and I don't know if adri
He'll say something. I don't think he's found out.
now okay I think that still not I don't know
they had found out so good
Congratulations Adrian HM But what is it that
I tell you I'm not going to give much more either
explanations the first sentence the
Mine the first sentence eh what it said
It was clear the judge said it clearly let's go
see are ugly expressions for both
parts but only watching the videos
that has presented eh just seeing
the videos that are demanding the
information is there in public
Just watching the videos puts this on you
literal the sentence eh just seeing
the videos can be verified that it is a
fight that starts flatter than the others
They are responding to him and he does it for
generate controversy and so on, that is me
I understand that today no one is going to
fall into the manipulations of this
man no I mean I understand that
any professional who is prepared when
is going to talk about one thing and when it is
information so easy and so close is not the
check before you check
eh or to give credibility to this
history no I mean I want to think that
in 2023 people who do not people who carry
time in the media or have any
type of experience or that is considered
smart I understand that no one falls no
in these manipulations of cutting click and
put here and put there no no I don't think so no
Let no one make a fool of themselves these days
No, but well, there is the information.
you can see it can be checked and you can
cut and you can manipulate But in the end
Justice cannot be used to
That is justice if what you see is ugly
They said back maybe it's ugly
but they are telling you back without
It is better that today this is still the case
with the theme Look boy, it's that no
we are not telling you anything
If you want me to delete something, then I will.
We each delete our own roll, each one our own
way and that's it I mean if it's not
there is more, that is to say, there is no need
get stuck in a fight from a while ago, I think
that it's been five or four years, it's already passed and
It happened and each one to his own is worth it
Okay, let's get to it, let's get to it, okay?
and times as wise as this
Listen to me, let's watch Rick's video.
Edi, I'm going to see what you're asking me first.
saying that I look at
Lali l but I don't know which one it is or is it worth it
Okay, okay, I found your TikTok.
but I find your
tiktok but I don't know what they are
retweet I can't find retweet in
tiktok on tiktok there is
retweet on tiktok there is
Retweet you see Marius thanks the Sub
But how can I thank you for anything but
If it is the least you owe me but if it is
the minimum you owe me is zero
Subscribers appreciate the Sub says but
if it is the least you owe me
But let's see today I understand no
Listen to me today I understand that I that I
Something is going to explode, I don't know what happened to me.
I forgot the other exclusive I mentioned
the adr and I forgot the other one
[Applause]
that
[Music]
I have admitted the claim for processing
turboplane by delox congratulations on your
objectivity Thank you very much tarantula
Thank you very much but well, little that
Add voucher this is a procedure
long usually takes a long time surely a
A year and a half ago the procedure was admitted
some powers were still to be presented
Some powers were still to be presented and now
have been presented okay
[Music]
and that doesn't work for me, they are doing it for me
sending but that's what I can't do
Maybe it's just that it doesn't come out on the computer
No, those are not shown on the computer.
retweet from tit but not me
It doesn't come out on my computer. It doesn't come out on my computer.
It comes out like this, I can't
I can't see it
see it civil civil is a civil is a
lawsuit for the right to honor is worth good
simple doesn't have much history either
that is, he has never said anything to them
is accusing of things that cannot be
prove There is no complaint against
delox has never existed he lives in
Andorra quietly eh the fact of
that you promote a course a few
investments that perform better or worse
does not give you the failure to blame
no crimes that are attempted to be reconciled
with you and you say no, no, no
that no and that you are the coolest Well me
that I know in the end are things that Well I
I think I think it's simple, huh?
But I'm not going to get ahead of myself.
I don't know what will be decided, I don't, I don't
I have no idea what will happen okay I
What I do tell you is that when you are
By accusing someone of a crime you have it
to prove no but there are videos
What they say is that there are both of them
It's not just that you have mortgages
that must be proven with certified evidence
and with the context of things it is worth it or so
Well, I don't know
Hey, let's watch the video.
Ricky, let's see what Ricky edited.
Okay
In truth, well, you already know that it went up
some tweets that he posted a few tweets ago
How many hours yesterday do I think it was yesterday?
yes he posted some tweets saying that he posted
some tweets for your
security and that on the 14th he would be able to
speak the judgment that Ali has with
with this boy with tudor they have it
advanced to November 13th is valid
It is a judgment that, well, let's see, I don't
I'm obviously going to overtake the
Justice, I am not a judge or anything for that matter
style but I think it's quite
I'm likely to lose it, Lali is worth it.
Tudor fact has thoughts of in
When I finish, I'm going to report her for
false report okay eh Why Well
because there are a series of conversations
As I have already published, there are a series of
There are certified Instagram stories
a lot of audio chats with her by
everyone because she talked to a lot of people
from Zaragoza no and throughout Zaragoza there are
conversations of hers in which she
that day is describing a boy
Moroccan that suits him and that and that good
That's it and the weekend at two
days she is so normal the disco
dancing Then she e for a couple
for days or so he was talking to half
Zaragoza perfectly describes
a Moroccan with these clothes with these
ankle boots with this jacket and then to the
8 months Well, suddenly he feels like
the aggressor is the tudor this Instead of in
time of the Marroqun then of course that is
It may look a little complicated and that
there are conversations that exist
her conversations with Tudor
talking about that Moroccan who attacked her
Well, it complicates things a bit for Ali.
eh, I think, eh, that I am not a judge nor am I leaving
to anticipate any judicial outcome
eh but I think I think he has it
Ali very
officially complicated and now Ricky
He says no, but this has nothing to do with it.
What to do with the man's case with your case
It has to do with why you are the one who
you have mentioned you have mentioned
you two in all the videos okay or
be in all the videos you have made
the topic you have mentioned This boy
He is Ali's ex-boyfriend who has her
mistreated that there is irrefutable evidence
that he has mistreated her but that
Justice, of course, doesn't understand. Then
you have put this topic here
but not only that you have
putting this topic here is that in the end yes
It has to do with Ali's profile.
Ali's profile that goes that goes in the
personality and in each person's genes
and Ali's profile is that profile of
Ali is that is something that she is used to
makes false accusations lies
rolls with one, rolls with another and
then he deceives and asks people to
involve in your lies that is a
which is your profile Of course it is of no use
Let's see, it wouldn't be useful to say that Ricky Eddie
When he was little, a boy took his sandwich away from him.
that has nothing to do with it, that doesn't matter
It would not be useful, for example, if it came out that
Ricky Eddie has not paid three bills
community that doesn't matter a [ __ ] no
It matters, okay, but that Ali lied
publicly in a monetized video is worth
monetizing their misfortune No, no, no
I say it in a critical way, eh, that is to say that
I think it's great that Monetic and
take out all your things
but judicially speaking in the
moment that you dedicate yourself to selling your
intimate life something that they have done together
okay and monetizing it gives you the right to the
people to be able to give their opinion and you give the right to
the gossip channels they can access
speculate and seek more information is
that is how it is legally Ricky if not
Get informed and when you know more about the wine
You come and ask your daddy
that they are the ones who put it in the
topic the topic has to do totally
with your topic it has to do
totally ok it's a pattern it's a
boss is lying even to Ricky
about a legal procedure that is
the trial is just around the corner
Hi, I'm Ricky and this is the truth.
confirmed, proven and definitive
I guess this video is going to be the most
difficult to make good gossip
with the king
indisputable thank you very much Livin what
such are you, my heart, Evili, a huge kiss
a big kiss, we love you very much
remind you all that you can do it
members also worth only 99
cents me
We got here to 5 or 6000 members without
respecting hierarchy, none ended here
Respect for the hierarchy is worth everything.
the channel since I started making videos
And that's because it touches on a topic that from the
principle should be completely out
from public life that escapes through
I complete the type of content that I
I wanted to do it on the internet since I
I started using their tools and that
although I don't know exactly when you will be
Seeing this right now has made me
caught very recently I'm recording
This will be on September 27, 2023.
7:30 in the evening and I'm recording it now but
I don't know when I'm going to upload it because
Ethically I still have some doubts about
when should I post this because
I thought that right now I feel a lot
contempt and have no good words
for the person primarily involved
In what I am going to tell you I would not like
harm other things you already have in
march and I will have to consider
morally if the fact that this video
exists will pose a problem for
I would not like to harm others
things that are in progress, let's see what we know
What is the only thing you have in
a trial is scheduled for November 13
with your ex because you don't want to hurt
that thing you have going if you
Do you have information that this girl
is falsely accusing a person
why don't you want them
harm in the first place Why the
was going to be harmful because one thing that is not
is already in the previous gums, it is not
They can put it in court, okay, that is.
would have to would have to get into a
resource Maybe but if you give
Here is a testimony that the girl has
a profile and maybe that profile
harms the procedure that has in
November if you know the truth if it is
that you know it if you know the truth by
what you don't want to harm That
procedure you don't like justice no
you want justice to be done
I would like you to pay someone who doesn't
is
guilty I'm going to talk I don't have a
script I don't have an outline it's not like
in the last video this one of the truth that
Did you see how good it is if you no longer see it in the
channel is because I have removed it and you do not
Don't worry because I'm going to give a reason
for this and an explanation to everything
that has disappeared from the channel of this
last week as a quick summary and for
give an explanation why you have
deleted all the videos because those
Videos no longer represent you because in
You made that video and sorry, I don't want to
disrespectful or anything like that
But you've done a bit of Canelo, I mean.
we were all telling you
you've started messing with those who
They were telling the truth And still in
This video from what I've been told
you start messing with those who tell you the
true what the [ __ ] does your girlfriend put you to
horns you take the phone and you see everything
that
You see that you only need to have Primary school
to realize when you read that mobile
what would be in that mobile phone
God and makes you Dallas a video by
contradict Dallas you
You take Trust Her Ricky to Andorra
For God's sake, you have a series that
crazy flames of the
Twitter
Grandpa was right, but if he wasn't right
It's about what I think based on
some indications that we are dealing with
brought super objective information is that
It's about me bringing some
conversations where she tells the
Friends, we have to lie to my boyfriend
as a
scoundrel but there isn't one
moreover, apart from the fact that the indications are
It is that without bringing aones it is that already in itself
the signs were telling you the
girls who did not demand their
rapist because he was lazy and that
I wanted to demand some conversations
Call me crazy and if everything has been a great
trick to make the woman confess
affected his crime He didn't want to
forgive her what he didn't expect is
that there was, let's see if you want
You can forgive infidelity
Forgiving each one in their relationship is
free to do whatever you want does not have
nothing wrong Hey if a person has
wrong If a person Hey if you
you consider that it will not happen again and
you can't you can't live without her
you can forgive her you can do with
your relationship whatever you want
you can do with your relationship What you
you want and if you want to forgive them
Well, he forgives her and no one has the right to
tell you nothing. You can even forgive her and
that you can forgive a kiss and no one
can tell you nothing but it is that the
you can forgive and it is that on top of that you don't know
No one has to find out if you don't put
indiras on Twitter if you don't stop
continue and if you don't put Hello it is to write a
thread nobody finds out You know
perfectly true because I think that
you're not stupid okay Although sometimes
I'll do it to you but I think you're not stupid and
You want to do it from day one
feel guilty. That is, you from the
first day you don't swallow for any reason that
you don't swallow it even if she has been raped.
[ __ ] joke because it's not credible because you
girlfriend isn't two months without telling you
because he says that he is in a state of
shock is in shock one day and
He doesn't tell you the second or the third.
My girlfriend is telling you so you can help, huh?
accept it, support her or whatever, but you
It says that if you have a partner
that they rape her and she doesn't tell you What kind
As for my partner, my partner is the one
best friend I have and who loves
I have to trust all my problems
because it's my crutch okay or so I don't tell you
I was thinking of hiding And if you don't catch her in
you don't know about the cell phone, okay?
but look if you from the beginning
you wanted her to take responsibility
and felt guilty and also the
you want to publicly blame
What do you suggest, a kiss Maciel, what do you suggest?
You suggest that I make a thread or something like that.
You suggest I make a whipping thread from a
thing that is
private why does she have to do one
video a thread Sorry what does it have to do with
make her a thread but if she is a
discussion that has gone on privately
what does she have to do or say
I have failed Ricky and I don't know what
Why? Because you want her to
somehow H pays consequences or or
or is guilty in this matter or
be you want to continue with her but that
she somehow you know like that
have to feel guilty response to what
What have I been asked the most during this
Lately on the internet I'm not with
Laura we are no longer a couple and it is not a
person you are thinking about
establish contact communication or
relationship never again from now on
This is because if already at the time of
recording the previous video was still
plagued by doubts about his testimony by
the holes that were there because of the quantity
of excuses that I imagined he was giving me
putting and for all the opinion that
received from outside both the public and
from people close to me and people who
wants what I discovered a couple of years ago
days to throw down anything in the
that I could continue to trust her
and although for privacy reasons not
I can share all the evidence of the
that I have because I do have
I will describe and relate all of them.
those that are relevant to my testimony
so that there is no doubt about what I am
saying is completely true and that
I have proven it to clarify if not
I teach them because a large part of the
people who have passed me the
information and that they had the
evidence does not want to be seen anymore
involved in this issue or anything else
related to people
involved but the people who
have passed the test basically they are the
same as that which is good for me
They sent me the information
Do you remember that I told you that they exist?
These conversations and more and audios and
calls are worth it And that in the
case in case Ali is
occur to take legal action against
The kid or give him names and surnames
to the alleged abuser in the event that
Ali would have missed it
head the friends were going to go all out
against her you
I told you, I told you Ricky, deep down it
I knew he's not stupid Of course I knew it
but he wanted to blame everyone
The world has paid for it with everyone
At least she has paid for it with me.
has paid with Dallas has paid with
public media Bla a kiss has paid for it
with everything but her, boy, leave her
Don't defend her, kid, don't defend her.
take to
Andorra cuts with it, that is, in these
cases for me that would have been the most
mature and the most sensible thing is worth in the case
Ricky the story that happened to him Well
For me the most logical thing would have been
been
H breaks up with her, doesn't make anything public and
When the months go by you take And
You say, well, Lalis and I have
had disagreement in our relationship and
each one continues his life, each one happy and
and I wish you the best outside you don't have to
say nothing more if you are a person who
He doesn't monetize his life, what happens is that
Two things got the better of you.
Two things are worth it or three can do it for you.
things one wanted her to do
responsible and guilty of La Movida dos
that Dallas talked about the subject and not wanting to
agree with him and monetize three
Movida was superior to you, that's it.
Yes I can say is that some are
direct witnesses of what happened in
the moment of infidelity and that they have
continued to maintain the versions that
Laura asked them to tell me why
coercion or out of simple affection for a
a person who is no longer part of your life
were complete witnesses were witnesses
They were all at the party
They saw them enter and leave breaking a
throws in favor the toxic is hard to see now
man already already already s If all that you
you want if Well I don't know but still
So in this video we go through the clicks that
I've been watching, I don't see it that suddenly
is sitting and assuming the well
things, that is, he did not act well on his day
had to delete 7 million views
because he screwed up a month ago and now
he's going to keep screwing up
Yes, I describe it as infidelity because
What I suffered was an infidelity and
Although I know this is going to be riddled with
people saying it was clear to you
we said everyone knew it to you
We said on social media blah blah blah blah
You have to know that I have been doing this for a long time
At first I was also very aware of
what had really happened to me
I imagined practically without any type
of doubts what the situation had been
that my partner had lived in that
then at the place where they occurred
the facts and what if I have been keeping quiet
This version is my opinion.
words and this general testimony has
been nothing more than to protect the
physical and psychological integrity of the
person I was in love with until
Andrs a kiss is likely a while ago
that During this or or or or or or or or or
I really think this movie is
It's true that Ricky is getting into trouble, let's go.
Let's see that you from the beginning
you knew that you from the beginning
I knew Then why the [ __ ] did you send me to
me a message on Twitter saying that
could hate with spoken to contrast
the
information that you from the beginning
you knew but you were protecting his
integrity and why do you suggest that
make a thread and do it
public why you expose it in a teaser
in one video and in another video and in another
video a real movie is made
seen a lot of physics or chemistry eh
statement repeats many parts that already
You saw it in the last video we uploaded
giving explanations By the way
completely modified explanations
and made up by Laura before
we start recording I prepared a
script with all the information that
had both the parties involved
as of herself and made me delete three
quarters of it according to her by
protect people's privacy
since I didn't want him to get involved in
trial or anything that was already open and
pending as is the trial that has been
commented on other channels regarding
her partner the boy she was with
before being with me in that video she
He would say outrageous things, such as
that he had been a victim of abuse
sexual that she had been raped and that she did not
I was planning to report it because I had
It was proven that justice did not act nor
I do not describe it quickly or effectively.
like barbarity because I have always
thought that the but as in the same
video in which she communicated this in
back then I said And I still maintain
I would have acted differently but I
I got carried away and I completely fell for it
the testimony that was being given to me
person who was completely
in love and in which he wanted to trust
raj Table Although I had quite clear
that what he had done had been the fruit
of my own free will I got into
quite a few personal issues and
labor for defending that
testimony but at that time I didn't know
how to act so that she doesn't do one
madness every day that passed in which
I received an insult, a mockery, a criticism
a threat to anything through networks
She filled my head with thoughts
suicidal told me that he was going to do it no
I was going to hold out for just one more day and what if
I wasn't there with her at all
moment to support her was going to be removed from
half Because I don't like it but Ricky we're going to
see if you are actually seeing this now
and I really don't want to fight
With Ricky he is touching me a little
eggs for the comments that are
doing up to us but I want
understand it because I have also been very
young and I too have been in love and
you screw up okay but
Ricky, you are truly a person who
plays with the
rapes you can't imagine what's going on
to play also if necessary with the
suicide you really think not
is going to do it
do because she hasn't thought that you
you were going to commit suicide when he put you
the
horns man Of course it's easy Not me
Well, look, I'm cheating on you.
I had a great time that weekend
I mean, I cheat on you and I spend it on you
pipe that weekend but not only
I have cheated on you and I have
that weekend was a bomb
week spending it
crazy weekend in Madrid but
on top of that after that I'm trying
convince the turkeys to stay again
time now Wait that after this
video she did not report for reviewing it
mobile wouldn't go very far either
eh I don't know, you see, it's not going to get into the
jail for that is worth I don't know until what
point they could condemn him I am not either
lawyer but well neither. Let's see, I don't know.
no no it is not a harassing intention
I think that also depends a lot
of the context and the intention of the
things but it is a crime
and that is what I was telling you is not
that you have to have a very thick skin
that you have to have the face
very hard you take it and you and you and you
you have a blast with groups of friends
friends you have a party you have one
party that shits you all weekend
week cheating on your boyfriend
to the two to the days after the
party you continue with the kids for
up and down passing you what you
you [ __ ]
No, not only that, but you
You keep quiet, you hide it from your boyfriend, he lives
normal with your boyfriend you appear in the videos
with your boyfriend in the photo you go to the party
you take pictures there with them
famous but you now take and you are
trying to get back with the guys
to return to
throw them around because even your friends are into it
the
back if your boyfriend catches you Oh me
They raped me. I want to commit suicide, come on.
man Lali
please man for
God but please
Man, I'm cheating on you.
I humiliate myself until my ass I break my [ __ ]
throughout Zaragoza and throughout Madrid
With you I laugh at you with all my
friends and with the guys you hang out with
I'm cheating on you, but if I
you get it, be careful, don't offend me, I'm a
collective press go now man Laura Date
a
return complaints about that conversation
that I put in one
There was nothing exclusive left in this life for me
A message like that washes my blood away.
because already previously And this it
We also report in the video that
we recorded together it had been attempted
commit suicide by cutting his wrists at home
a few weeks ago and it was an act for the
that they had to admit her because of what
was under observation and analysis
therapeutic for several days So
For me that fear was always real
When many people expressed it,
my environment and people with whom I don't
I had so much relationship but I did want
The best thing for me to find out about this
either because they had a relationship with her and
He told them too or because
I, when I open up to the same people,
the ones I want to explain the things that I
They told me that a person who
wants to take his life, he's not going to do it
trumpeting does not tell it and does not use it
as a threat to always keep
your side to whoever needs someone
aware that he cannot seize his
situation is removed directly from the middle
And this does not mean that it will be a great one.
loss and absolute trauma for the
people related especially to
done the most normal thing in fact the most
It is logical and normal that people who
have this kind of problems no and
have suicidal thoughts
eh They don't even tell their loved ones
That is, they usually lie to you about their
mental health status and they tell you that
They are fine and you are upset and you
You are surprised because you don't know
You were waiting then, well, maybe
you find things or they suit you
connecting things you know And say you say
host that's why this day this for this
This other day you look to see what you find
on the mobile it's okay But you don't normally
They usually deceive you, you don't use it as
a threat, so let's see if you
you are having suicidal thoughts if
you have a problem that you don't want
live
No, it's not. I mean, you don't have it, while
They don't catch you cheating but in the
moment they catch you putting
the horns on your boyfriend and what do you have
thought of laughing at him Then there
yes you get it You get the urge
It doesn't make sense, man, please.
Let's not use that, those who are going to feel
directly responsible for not having
done nothing to prevent it And the truth
Although as all this is still very recent
I'm not entirely sure that it isn't
I have been able to do something like this
reached a point where my health
mental needs to believe that it will not
do it or at least if I decide to commit
I'm not going to feel something so horrible
responsible because I have been supporting him
and at his side with everything I could with
all the resources you have needed
invest and with all my available time
for her throughout the season
What a [ __ ] we've been through in
In short, his testimony related
who was staying to sleep on the floor
from some friends from another city during
a few days that I considered very good
friends and he sold them all to me as
brothers Although I only knew them
having had a party together
a few weeks earlier in private outside
of camera when I asked him why
had reached that situation first
What he did was to blame her for being
blaming a room that she
had suffered that he had no tact and that
I didn't understand her if she had lived
I wouldn't dare ask him something like that.
nothing but I really needed to know
because a person that I have always
considered so healthy, so open and so
direct I had decided to mix so much
drugs in the middle of a process
antidepressant that was going to be
quite detrimental to your state of health
health and had ended up in a situation
horrible in which he felt like a victim of
a sexual abuse that I myself had to endure
find out why I saw conversations in your
phone not because she wanted to
tell me about it all week long
He was saying that when you are a prisoner
Because of fear, you don't know very well how to act
that you are afraid of losing everyone
people around you or share it
What happened to Ah un sec un
segundin You're welcome, I have to take one
wait a second and press the button
like and you can become a member if
you want it also worth a second no
It took me nothing
minute
in any person who is not inside
from that area because they think they are
lying that you did it wrong or that
want to discard from their life and in that
state so extreme that she
he considered that he wanted to get rid of his past
the first change because of its situation
labor and legal staff were
I am quite damaged as a
authentic Gil decided to believe her and continue
supporting her until the end to see in
what was left of all the rest I felt
very embarrassed listening to opinions
criticism and advice from colleagues who
consumption and that I value because the message
who was sending is the same one as me
I had inside my head the one that
would have liked to defend and the one who
I would have also liked to go out for a walk
the face but I couldn't because it gave me
panic that at any moment that does not
was completely in favor of
My partner at the time testified
wanted to defend that he would take off
half I was feeling
responsible for the survival of the rest of me
life something worth seeing, seeing, seeing
let's see here, maybe here we will
is giving a little reason within
my head the one I would have liked
defend the one that would have also
liked leaving companions that I decided
believe her and continue supporting her until the end
final to see what was left of it all
topic I have felt very ashamed
listening to critical opinions and advice
of companions that I consume and that I value
because the message it is sending is
the same one I had inside me
head I have felt ashamed listening
critical advice from colleagues who
were dealing with the non-poral issue and
legal was quite critical
advice from colleagues that I consume and that
I value it because the message that was that
consumption and that I value no but I understand
that this refers to the private sphere
because who has dealt with the subject
treated who Who have treated the
topic, that is, those who have dealt with it the most
topic I think I have been not like that
more or less joo and Dallas not walking is
the same one I had inside me
head that I had Rome Rome
Gallardo Roma Gallardo
He has also liked to defend and the one who
I would have also liked to go out for a walk
the face but I couldn't because it gave me
panic that at any moment that does not
was completely in favor of
My partner at the time testified
wanted to defend that he would take off
half I was feeling
responsible for your super day to the rest of
my life something that laora asked me to
you erase that first script that
we had to relate point by point
everything that had happened on his trip to
floor of these guys that I know by the way
that many people will have also thought your
girlfriend tells you she's going to sleep on the floor
from some kids you don't know and you
seems good No in fact after discovering
what had happened and start to dry up
things justified their behaviors and the
drug abuse that allegedly
He committed that which is also a lie later
I explain why with the fact that no
we were fine that you were no longer getting it
that we are at a good point in the to me
They told me about the drug issue, to me
They said that what was smoked was some
joints that were not even put in there
bigger than me at first
He sold me that he was going to sleep at the house of
a friend and the same day she was
going on a trip he told me that it was
impossible that he was going to stay at home
a gay friend of his who was going to see
more guys half were gay So no
I had to worry, excuse that
Honestly, I didn't care at all.
because what worried me most is that
she would be in danger by staying
in the homes of people who only
I knew from having met at a party some
weeks before I accepted it because it is
She got extremely heavy telling me
who were his brothers who were Antonio
The king of the fat ones too Oh yes it is
that I don't consume it, Antonio, I know
Who is it? I've seen him before, I don't know if
We have seen some clip of him
I think so, but I don't consume it.
consumption of his friends who did not have to
feeling fear and jealousy that I am not even sure
that he loved me, that he missed me and that
if I was going to see them because
I had told him that I needed those
days to continue working in Andorra
which is true but of course
does not justify what he decided to do later
a few days after he came down from
Andorra in those last days that we spent
Here together days that by the way we spent
together because she asked me to according to her
words wanted to show me that it was the
woman of my life who would give her the
opportunity to believe that I was never going to go again
to need to be away from me and do
nonsense thinking that the relationship
It was finished, by the way
feeling of
guilt today is gym class
mental today is gym class
mental okay for now the video is not working no
It's going bad, huh? It's not going so bad, let's see, I understand.
who is a very young boy in love and
that many times Well, nothing is missing from you
maturity you lack experience and you
there are missing hairs from the balls family by
Please, I'm going to ask you all a favor.
Fat today eh I don't know if you will be able to
I'm going to ask you all to fulfill it.
a huge favor today
everyone who can and wants it done
Membership from 99 cents per month
we are in
283 at the moment there are 3000 Well there are
There are 4000 people here right now
4000 people here now
same if everyone becomes a member or
Give away even if it's five five turkeys
Even if it's five of us, we break a record in
a [ __ ] live show depends on you guys, eh?
It depends on you, the members.
member gifts and the likes they are
free is also worth it, we break the
direct and we put it in trend okay
If I don't go to bed, eh, I mean, if I don't
I'll go to bed for the next one, this is it.
cost me at 12 the truth is that I see
that no, eh, that you don't value it, right?
I was in the discussions we had
when she was there because I was
quite insecure seeing history and
realizing the type of environment that
had set up in the boys' apartment
that he was already staying and she didn't
mattered after those days I spoke with
She looks at Ricky and says that she was already there.
watching thanks thanks for your Prime says
Ricky says that he was already seeing the
type of environment I wasn't seeing
stories and more from Instagram, take a look
that For example we have not done it
recovered which would surely also be
worth seeing not the stories distant Ann
not the stories of her or her friends
distance Ann from them while they were
of celebration that we have not recovered that
but there too they would surely be seen
little things she and with all the pain of my
heart I decided to cut the relationship Although
I did it in a very bad way asking him for a
time to think, reflect and give myself
realized what it was really like
I wanted to know that when you do this everything
the world is considering what you want
is to meet and sleep with others
people to realize if you are more
happy or if you feel better than with
the person you just asked for the
time but in my case not
sentimentally I am one of the people
purest that you can find And
Although this sounds like self-importance, I think.
that there is no one who can say anything to
the downside of this that I have experienced
what it's like to be in a relationship with me
Of course there are always ups and downs.
the relationship that can occur
discussions and that it is not always going to happen
agree on everything that is discussed
It is debated or discussed but I have never
allowed searched forced that none of
the couples I've been able to be with
throughout my life that the truth is not
there have been many who are ill and are feeling bad
bad or feel bad the end of this
You already know that I went down a week.
then to Zaragoza to see Laura the ane
totally different as it was very
angry with me she told me that she had
realized many things while being
trip with his friend and that they had
taught that I had to value it
respect her, take care of her and prioritize her. And this
It is one of the points that he mentioned when
At the beginning of the video I'm going to skip a
much earlier point in the relationship
because this is important and I want
To say it for her the priority was one
need and could not conceive of not being one
Look at our Peace, our Peace has given
five pieces of limbs, a round of applause
the whole chat for our Peace What's up
Ivan has also given one What's up
the rest of you are going to let the lady
put it all in
You are going to let our Peace put it
all of her is like that
thing on top of each and every one of the
other people who made up my world
regardless of their situation and the affection that
I had the years that you have been with us
knowing the type of relationship that
we had for his toxic behavior
and his extreme jealousy lost a lot of
girl friends that I got along with
mother, some of whom I've known for 8 years
or 9 years old and you don't know what
It hurt me to say goodbye with my head
completely eaten because they were or my
friends or my partner never gave me
ultimatum whatever I had to choose
directly but dropped according to what
that she thought was right for her
destroying from within and it was the
responsible for your discomfort So
I decided to go with the flow because
I was really in love with her since
very early in the relationship as
luckily data with some of these
people I have been able to re-establish
conversation with many apologies
half explaining the situation apart from
teaching conversations that are
they expose very explicitly
manipulations to which I now
submitted to end up in that situation with
Good night, I'm starting to dream
paranoia when I wake up I look at him
phone and a kiss I Elvis good This
It is the part where he looks at you
phone okay I'll check something
because I had videos scheduled in the
other channels Dallas video video
Dallas Then if we see that, okay.
I also have it programmed there
My goodness, I don't know how I'm doing.
managing to carry the three channels
forward but there we are
There we are
Pot There we are, powerful there we are
powerful the truth There we are potentor
Ros pear I'm going to leave open I'm going to leave
I opened this my other channel here
while you are giving it a like and
becoming a member okay I'm going to leave
open this here I'm going to open it by
Here's another little thing to be aware of
pending on the other screen of some
I see you're talking to me about little things
I'm going to watch the video a lot, okay? I'm going.
to be watching the video and as I go
Watching the video, let's talk. Ok.
deleted conversations which
I find things and here comes one of the
most important points of all this and it is
a detail that begged me to remove
because he knew his credibility was going away
to go completely to hell in case
that he made this public in the
conversations you forgot to delete
with the boy who allegedly had her
an audio that I listened to while I was sleeping
phone to her ear in which she I don't know if
I can legally say the following verbatim:
that I said because I have Daniel Many
thanks hey guys what are you going to leave
that everything is paid by five members
Each one is worth it, Silvia, welcome, Silvia
member of telesalseo you are also here
Here a kiss wants a lot of attention to this one
part mael as the singer of
Eurovision Maciel a huge kiss Mael
who has given away five members But
Well that chat applauding moon girl
also five members But oh well
guys guys are you going to let the
Ladies pay everything today or
You're going to look like some
stiff tudor in the chat the one who most
take a break from YouTube and work at night
sleeps during the day is like Batman a kiss
tudor a kiss I don't know if you've seen the
video but well I am
discovering now okay I haven't seen it
before
guys we're breaking it today but that
Ladies are paying for everything they have
come from the gentlemen because today the
direct from telesalseo is fake and they have
come here to give away the members but
Don't let those kids down with them.
man face to face to see important point
eh important point that we cannot
losing what you are counting on now is very
important and key for now
let's understand what
what Ricky was driving at that time was
This gives us context for Ricky to act.
in a way Knowing more than us
Because here it is saying
Ricky who had some conversations in
his hands that had some conversations
in their hands with the supposed
rapist and who listened to an audio Between
She and he who said something very strong
feel your body I don't know if we are
prepared to listen
I don't know if we are ready for this.
hear
this is going to get down to business, let's get down to business, aroa a
kiss
huge Thank you very much to everyone eh
Thank you all so much for that audio.
engraved in my head and kills me every time
I remember that Ivan gave away 10 Ivans
has given 10 Thank you very much Ivan me
you catch in the middle of the audio Ricky has the
audio recorded in his head echoes in his head
in your head the audio we are going to listen to it
m referred to him as expressions like
heart, darling, king, and other nicknames
affectionate And although they spoke of various
topics and future activities that were going
to do with the group as a whole what
What left the biggest mark on me was hearing the one that
that time it was my partner saying
as you wanted at first and then I
you started saying that you didn't feel like it anymore
I don't know if I've done something wrong but
obviously in the situation I am in
Right now I can't consider having
something serious
with you
We listen to the audio again, we listen to it again
listen to the
audio we listen to the audio again
luares this is headline Eh This is
headline for the news, okay, we're back
listen to the audio again
the audio with which Ricky with which
Ricky told before us and we
I was criticizing everyone who
we saw the issue from another perspective
perspective I can take a bite out of it
cushion I can bite the cushion
Please, but Ricky
Soldier, come, let me give you a hug.
I'm not going to give it any stick, I'm not going to give it any stick.
cane even if he's messing with me
It's still a kiss but Ricky
soldier but
Ricky what were you going to do with the group in
overall what marked me the most was
listen to what was then my
couple saying like at the beginning
you wanted and then you started telling me
that you no longer felt like it, I don't know if I have done
something wrong but obviously like
At first you wanted her raped, eh?
At first you wanted to and then you started to
Saying that you didn't want a kiss, Carlos, no.
I know if I have done anything else in the situation
that I am right now I can't
consider having something serious with you in
the situation I am in right now is not
I can consider having something serious
With you I make a stop here to
remember another video that
I made my gun you realized that it hit him
literally the same excuse he gave her
To Tudor, how scary. Yes, let's see him later.
end of the video we talk about that okay
Guys there is a video if someone send it to me
can you locate it and give it to me, okay?
one of the exclusives in which I
I said the following: I told you, I told you
eh according to my maturity according to my good the
old age no Or the wise man the devil the
Devil Teesa Thank you so much for the Prim
the devil is not
wise as you say the wisest one
Devil for being old, not for being a devil. Good
Well, it's not that I'm wise because I'm
very good nor that is I am wise because
I'm very old no J a kiss Then it
I said I said look you can get it back and what
I said it at one point I said this girl
I was in the process of getting along with this one
new guy she slept with
done if Ricky doesn't catch her and he
another one follows the roll this chick
would have kicked Ricky and
would have gone with the other one without cutting himself or
don't even think about it
hair this girl if Ricky doesn't reach her
pillar does everything possible to
hook up with the other guy but like Ricky
catches her because what she does is
protect yourself and start spreading the lie
very far very far very far very far
and he can't go back now he keeps fighting
with her friends she goes with the boy Vale and
to count on defending oneself and not recognizing The
lie is taking her further each time
time asks that no one else speak about the subject
opinion But let's see is that already
I have said it before
good beginning let's see we will try to be
as much and as respectfully as possible
But how are you going to make this video for me and
Are you going to tell me that no one talks about the subject?
boy is that he has neither skin nor
head either
no, it doesn't make any sense
request for
true you have made a series
of videos seven videos answering the
Dallas video made three videos with
her but now now now now now
now that now that you Now that you have
that pick up the cable delete the videos and
recognize that we were all right
Now please I ask you not to speak
of the topic
Ok, let's see, well, it's a little XD
request is valid I'm not telling you that we are stupid
of him or anything like that eh In fact
I ask you all to please respect eh No
Don't tell the kid anything about this
He must be having a really bad time in
really don't tell him anything
Please don't be disrespectful. It's gossip.
He apologized on several occasions
occasions with this person then segon
talking about other topics of things that
were going to do with the others I suppose
Many of you will be thinking, uncle,
of an audio like this in which it is so noticeable
clearly what has happened
what is it that you are trying to do
hide from you how could you continue
wanting to defend her because that was the
The moment I picked up my suitcase I left
We're thinking about it, Ricky, we're just
thinking that Ricky
totally the station to get on
Andorra, I was alone and he came behind me crying
telling me that I had misunderstood him
all that they are simply talking about a
dance in which perrear became
illusions then tried something serious
with her but she didn't want liquor anymore
Voyar she is a [ __ ] [ __ ], grandpa
send a hug, I don't know, until Cao x cure
wu a hug licori a hug but what
What's happening to you, why are you like this? I'll give you a
hug What's wrong? Do you want a hug?
I give it to you but I didn't want to hurt him
but blah blah blah and in the end it didn't end
nothing happening When we got to his house
I invented that one of the companions of
That boy had told me all this
We also said it in the other video.
He said okay, yeah, I don't remember very well.
because I'm quite drunk but I think that
we kissed the one I found out so I
I went to but Ricky Please don't me
I agree well because I was going too far
drunk but I think we kissed
Ricky Ricky do you hear that
audio Ricky
Ricky, listen to me, really, with everything.
the affection eh With all due respect for
Please, really, don't let me know.
never take
Hey, what did my mom send me?
Karime
Oh, okay, Joan Planas has already put one.
tweet saying sm
[Music]
race quean planes has put a
saying for the curious in
reply to the youtubers who speak
on the judgment the jurisprudence
makes it clear that you can't do what
He did and it was proven in court that he did not
I responded to No insults from me and many
more things that will logically be answered
in the appeal it is valid Joan Of course yes
I'm sure Joan Bueno will win it, guys.
Listen to me Ricky man, I mean like him
audio It's already devastating in itself, eh? Well
I think it was already devastating long before
that of the
audio I think it was already devastating but
Much before the audio thing But
Well the audio is already devastating and now
You take her and she says to you, well after
deny it
which is not up to the subject, my goodness
both she and her friend began to
bombed a weapon saying that that was not the case
happened he confessed to me that he had taken drugs
with all kinds of substances that
we mentioned in the other video and that she
I was not aware of what had happened
happened so that not even
I remembered if something had happened or not.
listen to the testimony of their
friends that some had been witnesses
and others I didn't decide to ask him to go up
Andorra to give me the explanations that
considered necessary from the day
next and so he did he went up to me
convinced and that it had not happened
absolutely nothing and that I should stay
calm down I asked him for the contact of the
boy to ask for explanations for
knowing what his testimony was without knowing
even if she had written it or
I had hit something so that I wouldn't
I found out that I was not seeing him
completely normal but up to date
next buying food at the
supermarket I receive a text that you
I said I had the testimony that yes
that they had slept together that they had
had sexual relations but not
I said from whom it came to me
on the part of the boy a kid who does not
had no outstanding accounts
with whom I have a relationship and
that he does know what I do already
that Laora was explaining to them Who
was his partner and what he did on the internet
in his stay with them on the floor the
boy describes with hair and signs the
How it all happened during the night
and how she was the one who was
looking from the beginning for it to be
to bed How he was announcing that he was
single that there was no problem in
do whatever he wanted because he
I felt free and that I was finally in that
situation and proud to feel that
I wanted to do something with someone in
That place at that moment the first thing
What I thought was that this boy didn't have
no need to lie to me that
I would have liked to remain the good that I did not
worry and that
We don't need that guy in Javi.
oliveira we need to we need that one
boy in Javi Oliveira where is that
boy by
Please, which of the boys I had in
the radar
we needed that guy in Javi
oliveira by
Please, I was single, there was no one
problem in doing what he gave the
win because I dedicate myself since laur les
He was explaining who his partner was and
what the internet was doing in his stay with
They on the floor the boy describes comp
hair and signs the course of the night
How it all happened and how she was the one who
He was looking for him from the beginning
so that he would go to bed How he was announcing
that she was single that there was no one
problem in doing what he gave the
wins because he felt free and that
I was finally in that situation and proud
to feel like doing something
with someone in that place in that
moment the first thing I thought is
that
kids
kids kids 10 at night now
same 10 at night right now
Guys, it's time for 5000 people to come
become a member of Channel 5000 right now
people become members right now
From Channel 99 cents, we need a coffee
here
three times more Cathars to that soldier
Next we continue with the video
We continue with the video. Many thanks to
all of you who have become members
Ok, there are some that haven't jumped.
still thank you thank you thank you from
heart Okay We still have 30 left
more minutes of the video of this story
It's worth the first 10 minutes and I'm fine with it.
The first 10 minutes are worth it to me
They are giving something we have to rescue
This soldier is fine, let's get to work with that boy.
he had no need to lie to me
that he would have liked to keep the good
that I shouldn't worry and that I shouldn't take
measures in case I saw myself as a
authentic mental fma that was to put itself to
make video against people who
done this even without having proof was
that lacked a motivation to
lie to me about not knowing each other, not having
relationship and taking into account that Laura
I was going to block both him and the
rest of the people because later on
reported that it had been sexual abuse
It made no sense for them to keep
the contact So the most comfortable for
the boy would have been to tell me no
absolutely nothing happened under duress or
Laura's request and thus save that
problem but he didn't confess the truth to me
what he told me was completely
true wow man I mean I'm freaking out with
that Ricky had even more
information
[Music]
come on
Are you going to let him pay for it?
a big kiss, huge race, many
thanks l Mary welcome and In that
At that moment I didn't believe it because Laura once
but he began to deny it to me, crawling
on the floor crying begging me to
Please believe her that she hasn't done anything.
from that to see with this brutal lord how
They may not like it from
Peru sent them a flying kick
Whoever doesn't like it now, man, look
let's see saving the distance and saving
the difference now now I believe now
I think I don't know if you will agree, okay?
But now I think that what you are
doing everything that is not giving like
This direct is more criminal than
What did they do to her? But oh well
let's get down to business, one of the most useful tools
of the nabl and crosas that he used so that
I believed that was touching a subject with him
that I knew was really getting into
It was sensible to remind myself of the relationship that
suffered when she was a 12-year-old girl
by a couple with whom
I was a child at that time
and without realizing what he was doing
doing for what I had been doing so much
time telling me that it was difficult for him
so much maintaining relationships
They say that Ricky is smart no more.
it
believe
car
to convince someone with his/her
versions to be long this is a
barbarity is getting worse fallen I request
I need reinforcements here for a face-to-face debate
face between Ricky and El Chaval eh I can you
insult insult me give it insult me for
Please insult me, I can insult you, Grandpa
a hug a hug race insult me
Please you can insult me whenever you want
be with those vi okay dude listen to me
listen to me man the video the video I don't
I expected it but that's another headline
luare I can't imagine this myself
I didn't expect this to be so much
I thought the 10 minutes were over but it is
that is getting worse is getting worse. That is to say
What are you telling me that [ __ ] Ricky
I knew all this much better of course
It is evidently the
protagonist was infinitely known
more than us, man, but that's what it is
It's much more than I expected
is much more infinite infinitely
much more than I
I hoped that the aunt would start playing
with whatever
He starts playing with whatever he can.
a rape she suffered from
little mother of
God mother of God
mine being
too good guy in this video He is
sinning by being too good at this
video
Uncle, today I empathize with Ricky. Me too.
Also, let's see, it touches me a lot.
balls because it attacks us and it is
Normally it doesn't bother me at all.
but but if I empathize yes I empathize or rather
that's why not if it were someone who didn't
you endure Maybe I was giving it to him
further
cane but it's Chela dude it's that it is
Seafood chela
uncle
is that mat
uncle all movies a hug Many
Thank you It is true that during our
year of relationship we have not maintained
too many relationships as such but as
we could always do 1 things
different to achieve the same goal
I respected the girl from the beginning
He has trauma with sex but only with him
that
barbarity What
barbarity
that
outrageous What outrageous How little
Shame on you, what a thick skin
get my mother you are sharing
the live on Twitter and you
retweet
you are sharing on Twitter the
direct my goodness this is a
barbarity wait son that I am
trying testimony I never forced her to
nothing And I agreed to any
decision that he wanted to make in that regard
in fact on many occasions
He collapsed while he was in bed with me
for feeling incapable of doing something that
was not more standard or that it did not
caused me pain many more times
thanked crying for respecting
your decisions making it clear to me that I am
the person with whom you have shared
intimate moments that require more patience and more
respect has been shown to her for that very reason
Every time I used excuses I had
a trauma that I could not have done
nothing, even if I wanted to, it sounded pretty familiar to me
I remember the fact that the boy
was inventing Although I still didn't
understand why a boy would gain
that doesn't know me You're welcome
aware of what I do on the internet and what
It would be easy for me to destroy the image
even if he was not a public figure, yes
I would have done something wrong with my partner and
until a couple of days ago I found out
from the real version demonstrated with proof
graphic and good audiovisuals do not
I found an explanation for this while I was here.
At home during those same days I returned to
invent myself with a member of the
roommates who were there
spending the nights there I had it
told everything and ended up confessing that yes
Remember that there was sexual intercourse but
that it disgusted him a lot and that although he didn't
remember how it started when it was
aware of what was happening
He went to take a shower and went to sleep.
couch crying feeling like [ __ ]
person with a lot of fear in his/her
inside at the moment I hear this
It's starting to look like the version with more
coherence and what I fail to understand is
why even if I hadn't discovered
This kept asking me for weeks
after I went to see the surprise one
to Zaragoza to stay with them to do
activities and even lack and fail
plans that we had agreed upon together with
as long as you leave, you can continue living with
them but he told me that the fear of
losing the people closest to you
group to the friend who introduced them or who
they decided to invent a boo about
She wanted to go with the flow and
pretend that none of that had happened
To never lose the group of friends
and I say this from the heart I never finished
to understand how a victim's decision
the one who sexually abuses again
He went out on a distress call from his partner
that I was at that time from the police that
has very good contacts within the
from your city or from any person from
confidence with which to vent
after having lived through another hell
like that since he knows what I said
This afternoon in the video I recorded in
the car eh your partner I think I have
said Here also you do you you to your
couple you tell him/her
you do tell your partner. That is to say,
The best thing in the same night gives you pure tea
It's scary to tell him, you don't know if he's going to
believe or whatever I don't know a thousand things are worth it
But you tell your partner in
In less than a month you will surely tell him.
You tell your partner in less than a minute.
month you have told him for sure that you have not and
apart from that he is trying let's see It's
This is what I told you in the
first video okay Eh At first without
have other testimonies without having other
evidence
Hey
That is, you to your
couple let's see what they are sending me
that is challenging to see what is
What is Lali challenging? What
It is to the man that you make one of the 50 that
He made you and says Thank you for
show me that you were worthless Lali
is challenging things of the kind that
Ricky that Ricky is very bad that Ricky is
very bad because you have to see that it is
kicking for once he does
She told me that in Zaragoza
that there are many episodes like this that
This is the one who caught it, okay? But
Well, we will never be able to do that.
anyone who doesn't know what it is
said we would have acted immediately
The fact that I didn't want to is worth that.
listen to me you at a given moment you in a
moment
given that the first night may not be
whatever it is but you end up telling it to
your partner at least less than two
months you end up telling your partner
you are not trying to get back together with the one
it is supposed to be
raped you know and These are already the
indications that were there from the first
moment without having the rest of the evidence
that we have had conversations
videos that were released today on the channel
main you saw the main channel
Today you saw the main channel
Today you saw the videos I released on
exclusive is an outrage for goddess is
A girl who lies is a girl who
has that pattern and
Thank you very much. A kiss.
huge complaint also fell to me
quite a lot at first because I
I tried to force her to do it now
which was fair for any other
person who could be a victim of
someone who was supposedly like that
son of a [ __ ] like the rest of
victims who had already suffered something
seemed to feel that the
judicial bodies did not function and
That is why they felt reluctant to report
every time they suffered something similar
Every time I think about it, it makes me more worried.
I lent him my networks, my means and having
echoed a testimony so false that
It was simply invented because I didn't want to
lose neither myself nor the image that was there
created around me nor all the
benefits and advantages that I had while being
with me and yes Honestly to this day
I feel completely used I think
that he was taking advantage of me all the time
that could and that although I continue to consider
that for a large part of the relationship he felt
a completely irrational affection towards
I was more interested in feeling like one
a free, attractive young person who
could decide to do whatever the hell he wanted
win because then he releases four gilc me
I was going to believe them, I was going to move forward
fighting for the relationship Well after
that I finish confessing that yes,
Remember that there were sexual acts but that
don't remember how it started that he
It was disgusting that he doesn't have anything
gaps that she was very drugged that
I have to understand that you have not decided yet
who found himself in a situation where he could not
He knows why he got so high. Although, well.
then all this the lie Now I give
information about that I decided to ask him
time I was telling you about before
I celebrated that long-awaited week that
I had planned with my esports team
in Catalonia and it was a great week
in which I barely looked at my phone and threw myself
all week playing music
meeting people who are guests of the house
other creator friends who came to
have a party, have a beer and
take a bath and the truth is that for
They were days that I needed, they healed me
quite a lot and they made me be
disconnected from everything that had me
done damage up to that point It's true
that I left my profession aside so much
both live and video content. Because
After all, almost everything is connected.
what I do live ends up doing
video content but I didn't care
because I felt mentally very stable
and much firmer during those days
Laura wrote to me from time to time
He deleted messages and told me that I
He missed me and he sent me things by
social networks challenged tiktok shared
things in his story for him to see
and I felt really guilty because I didn't
I know I guess she was afraid that
I met another girl I liked and
to do something but I was in a state
mental in which no matter how well I
felt had no feelings for
no one else but her because
It would have been me who asked for the time and
one of the last days of that house
notifications start to fill up
from my social networks with a video of
She's having a kiss with another guy
video didn't seem very recent Because
believe
the video is the one that YouTube does not in
exclusive not in Primicia in Primicia
Well, exclusive, yes, it is a video that they
They published it themselves, eh, that is, eh, then
They came like many people to ask me
explanations not because of the video is how it is
a video that they themselves published in
your networks you know, I mean he sent it to me
The Followers sent me that video, I don't like it
Nobody sent it to me, no friend sent it to me
They sent the Followers and Dallas
They also sent it to him, so it's a video
that they themselves published
eh but come on, I think I remember that
from the first moment to see although in
the title of the video says Lali kisses
with another guy in Lali's video bes A
Let's see what I put as a title.
wait let's go
What a day of exclusives today, huh?
what a day
exclusive, that is, I didn't even get it
I took out a separate video and nothing is kissing
with another boy Lali kissing another boy
Okay, and in the video that's what I say.
I don't think about you anymore, it would be the one I think about most.
It catches my attention, by the way.
Meanwhile Lali also walks
drowning his sorrows And even though he doesn't
on his Instagram account and last that
delete messages from a conversation to
that you do not
You see, we have discovered some stories
in other accounts where Lali is
kissing with some friends I guess
They will be friends with whom you have a lot
trust
more is already known
go party celebration and
holidays and meanwhile while
I think I think the surprise editor
for no one the truth Javi my brother me
showed your channel and now I see all yours
You can send him videos, greetings, his name is
Marcos a kiss Marcos Thank you very much for
bring me followers true friend eh Te
I love you very much A huge kiss to
see
when those networks are going up
I didn't know that it was necessary.
to clarify it and make it so obvious or so
I saw it so obviously that no, no
I saw that it was necessary to clarify it later
I spoke to the boy, I don't know if I got to
put a guy or not
but it is noticeable that he is a gay friend, so to speak.
I saw it so obviously that I didn't
I saw it necessary, it is noticeable that I am
marking me there a little bit of the juice with
the title no but when you are still like this
Ricky Knowing everything he was capable of
invent Laura dared to throw at him
I sweep Alex off his feet without disgust instead of being
humble will continue to be arrogant
Very good point car Thank you very much
good point Knowing the Knowing how it is
She dares to throw herself at her ex but
Listen to me, not Alex, but everyone who
we were giving information but I
I saw the video as very obvious. Let's see.
Don't you get up, eh, don't you get up
upload videos giving you kisses and kisses with
your friends if you are putting the Ju
not to your boyfriend it is understood that he is a
trusted friend you know is also gay
the boy I think he didn't have the
septum of the nose and that was done by the
first days that I started talking with
she last year anxiety of the
situation no no the video yes it was the video
Yes, it was recent and she also comes out with a look
new yes it was recent it was
recent left me no choice but to
open it and ask him what the [ __ ]
That was because the video that I had
I saw it was pixelated, she sent it to me
uncensored making it clear to me that it was a
homosexual friend with whom I always
Since they met they have greeted each other
That way I myself knew who he was
because he had shown me videos with him
a long time ago doing silly things yes
that it is true that a person with the
marked sexuality very different and that between
They always called each other crazy friend
and feminine appellations because they really
He is a very effeminate person in the
moment Although it sounded like an excuse to me
shitty and even if I knew it was
I really don't understand why he used it
as if the fact of having peaked
as a situation that had already been done
public and that anyone was going to
judge her in the worst way if they saw that
weighs that another colleague uploaded it
she didn't have much impact on me either
He said he was also disconnecting
enjoying their own thing with the people who
wanted and what if by default
He had the gesture of giving himself a peck with that
person every time he saw him he didn't
It was important that it be seen in a video
because for her it was supernormal and
Naturally I told him that I looked like a
absolute idiot and I didn't understand how
I was not aware of what was going to happen
cause that from this point on and
although they had already had a few
lots of gossip channels
dissemination and criticism began to
make videos calling her everything
They falsified conversations that by
true after what I'm going to tell
Now they could have been completely
certain But good conversations in the
It is seen that she did everything in a proper way
voluntary and I know it was a lie
because she doesn't even write that way and
because you could see the cut he had
video from the beginning and then on top
the account that had been discovered
used to sample your photo
profile and your name and everything was back to normal
a storm I told him that those
conversations were falsified but not
I removed the period apart from that
video in that video that video was the
first exclusive that I released no
only with those conversations because
There are many people who started to reduce
everything absurd Oh but it's that the
conversations are fake let's see in
the video I'm giving you in the
news that these have come out
conversations that are not verified
whether they are real or not is worth it but what have they
They have come out. Hey, I know she did.
She came to me and denied it and I
I said they are lies, she denies it, okay?
but they could be perfectly real or
it is that they actually fit
perfectly to other conversations that
Yes, they are real, that is, I, that is why the a
The conversations suited me far away
that I do not understand To what extent I
I know he can fake everything, that is
some conversations some conversations
eem they can always do everything they want
conversations and even today
audios everything is falsified any
anything I taught you, you can no longer do it
believe everything any editor takes you and
anyone and they do it to you but it is
that fit very well with some
conversations that are real, that is, those
conversations fit closely with others
that they were real okay but apart from that
is that my video is that video where I take out
the conversations no No my video is not
based solely on conversations is
a little bit the miniature and so on But the
video is based on the entire compilation
from the girls' weekend
interactions with other kids, that is
the video had a lot more information
that that was the end of it, that's where we were at
that no matter how much you believe it is not because she
write only in lowercase, no, no, no
she when she wrote to me to deny
He didn't write to me about those conversations
lowercase she wrote me normally
some capital letters, others lowercase or
that I was trying hard to believe them
I didn't want to continue the relationship and I wanted
cut it off at the root because of what he told me that
Please give him the opportunity to
show up in person at any
time to make it clear to me and show me that
She was already the woman of my life and that
give me one last chance, which I
Like a real jerk I told him
that was planted in the house in which
we were that I was lost in the middle of
a super lost town far from the
hand of God in Catalonia after
To tell her this, I blocked her from everywhere.
because knowing the few resources and the
few social skills with which
I told her that she was going to be
impossible to show up at the house but
the time we were having dinner and a companion
Ricky told me the team the time is on
the door made my blood run cold I went out
Talking to her, she told me that she didn't have
desire to see or greet anyone because
I assumed everyone hated her for
everything that had been said even though I didn't
I had spoken about her to no one in that
house since it was inside a drawer
that I decided to close during that week in
that house and I took it up to my room to
to tell me whatever he wanted and
tried to convince me of what he wanted
because I was clear that I wanted to leave him
With her everything was quite long in a
At the beginning it was all very hard so
I decided to go down for a couple of drinks to
lighten up what I was feeling a little
that I was going through a lot of pain and
root of drinking we end up making of
everything but speaking what followed me
confusing since to me the attractiveness
Laura's sexual attraction was an incentive that
he would shoot under any circumstances and
She took advantage of this because she knew
that she was close and was going to be able to
do with me whatever he wanted
true until that moment Javi told me
tudor is in the chat a kiss tudor no
I know if you want to say something or whatever
He was very weak but luckily now he
I have such detachment and contempt
big that I don't even feel anymore
physical attraction to her weighs that in
I never gave any indication of wanting to
get back with her so I had the
need to prove to me that everything
What he had told me was true and I
I asked again for a week with me in
Andorra to prove it to me for the last time
once and for all as you can see it takes
already a few last times but already
needed because what I wanted was
to be clear that I was still there
in love with her who trusted
fully in his testimony and that
we were together because I couldn't
bear the fact of knowing that we were
Under the same roof and we were not one
couple during this week that was ago
about three weeks now good
Nothing happens, I mean, I'm here to see this.
I'll see, listen to me, you're with your aunt
that you like and that turns you on a lot and that's it
is and the flesh is weak the flesh is
I don't see this as weak, let's see, eh no
I see it as bad in the sense that it is only
sex but also and good feelings
Okay, what can I say, but it's true.
In the end, you are within your rights
You can forgive whoever you want.
forgive whoever you want, you are in your
right to forgive Of course you do
You can forgive her of course, that would be missing
but you are free, it is your life, it is your
relationship
Porto is worth it as a person and a couple
exemplary and I couldn't complain about it
absolutely nothing was in charge of doing
all while I was working or had to
being gathered was open to doing
solo plans with people without feeling
no kind of social shame and put
no impediment to invite
Whoever I wanted, even if I had
suspicion that they were people who had
some kind of interest with me For the
simply because they are girls and get along
good with me that it happened to him a lot er very
jealousy but well I already told this
before even our sex life was
increased enormously during that time
last week and even in some
occasion told him that at some point no
I felt like it because Diego a kiss King what
How are you Diego? A big kiss.
I felt like I was forcing him to do it
something that maybe you didn't want or that in
In reality, it was hurting him.
After a year with that idea doing
a murmur in my head that I was in pain
and that she was traumatized by things of
your child preferred to set many limits
In that aspect I went down with her to accompany her
to the bus and the last thing he said to me was
that I please rethink things and
to go back to her since she had already
been proving that she was the best
woman of the world and the truth is that
week no pause pause pause uncle we are
here with more than 5000 people but it is
that we are here with more than 5000
people and in telesalseo we are with 12
people in a fake live that I have
position eh I mean people are crazy
with the gossip it is that as I do not
I can divide into two. Well, I have put a
Fake Jabi Oliveira on Telesalseo today
Okay, I don't know if I'll go there later. No.
I know the truth depends on how you are
here of warm ones no I don't know if tuor
will want to go up then do some
statements eh that maybe he wants
make some statements and this is put
powerful eh Javi slows down but
Let's see. I can't put a
40-minute video at speed
normal video if you want to see it
Don't worry, you can watch it on the Channel
Ricky but here we are watching it
Taking a look at it you understand I understand it
I understand that they are both Andalusians.
We understand that I am commenting on it too
I could not criticize absolutely any
behavior that the hab had had
lower the hab a little lowered the hab a little
but not much, eh, it had lowered a little
is that neither to
see
I would be saying it during these days but
that I needed time for myself
to think and reflect on what
wanted to do with me with her and with the
relationship in general that same Let's see
tudor how many likes How many likes al
direct and you go up to give your opinion that
There are people Ah saying tor good
we have to see the video we have left
still more than half but then
How many Claro Tudor likes would I have to get?
demand some likes here because maybe
He is ashamed that there are so many of them here
right now How many likes do we have now
same
10000 likes 10000 likes this not this
Here here I can't upload anyone with
1400 likes It gives me something it gives me something it gives me
thing with 1400 likes it gives me something
Oh, last night fear took hold again.
of me and I wrote to him saying that I no longer
I could bear it more than with everything that
I had even told the good
behavior attitude good
ways we had been
living these last days together that
They spent a week without being a couple
official manner and in the public eye
we hadn't said anything That's why I
I wanted to clarify it now in this video no
I felt that it had been completely
It is with me that he had told me the
true from beginning to end and that some
from the holes that I had
said that he didn't remember By Laguna
regarding any other drugs
Things for me were not justification for
that he decided to do what he decided to do
and that because of bad decisions
would have ended you are saying in the
many people chat about who is tudor
Tudor is the former
boyfriend of the
Ali
Tudor is Ali's ex-boyfriend with whom
well with whoever has the judgment that
ha
reported incredible not incredible
no incredible no
family is suffering what she
she wrote it as a sexual abuse she gave it to him
It took a fatal turn, everything was horrible, we were there
on a 4 to 7 hour call I don't remember
Now why was it all night?
from 12 o'clock until 8 or 9 o'clock
Tomorrow all night hours in the
that she was calling me begging me
that he would please come back to her and give her
an opportunity will not be discarded
everything that was the love of my life that
we were made and predestined for
be together trust in what was me
saying that he was leaving me
misrepresent to a third party who did not do so
case that was all true that if not the
I believed I was being complicit in a
operation on a woman who had already suffered
previously abused
weighs began to tell her that if she didn't
I believed I was being complicit in a
woman who had suffered abuse
previously what the [ __ ] man how are you going to
fall for this, man, with all the criticism that
You have this profile of people Ricky
with the amount of criticism that these have
profiles of people uncle all these
blackmail, manipulations and [ __ ] that
was coming on me I decided
stand firm and tell him no
had ended our relationship and that
Please don't write to me again if not
I wanted you to block her since for
any urgent request that
If you need it, you could write to me when you
It was necessary but it needed time
to be with me to resemble that already
we weren't together and I didn't want to
have a relationship with her again
He wrote some very long messages in
those who told me that they didn't care about him
the fact that I abandoned her now
Forgive me for being upset with this but then
You are going to freak out that she is going to follow
totally and completely in love with me that
in his heart there would be no room for
no one else and he will be waiting for me
the years it took for me to
realized that he was committing
a mistake to let her go and not to me
worried about being the woman of my life
for the rest of my life and that I would be
demonstrating unconsciously and without
contact me even
even if we weren't together
I would like to cut off contact with her
This is a pretty condensed form of
the messages were very long, it was necessary
Give it to him, man, that's textbook manipulation, eh?
That is, manipulation but completely by the book
eh book manipulation but let's go to the
100%
eh, why did I want it, but apart from that, I
I also wonder not later if
Do you want me to give my opinion too? Don't
worry a tudor kiss Okay then when
Let's finish, I'll give you a call to see if
you're still out there
eh manipulation first eh first
from the handling manual
Hey, what balls, man, what balls, eh, it never fails
eh The profile does not fail eh several times a
see more of WhatsApp to read them
complete But good in those messages
when the next day I see that with
As the hour passed I was still without
answer me he told me that he accepted my
decision and that she was going to try
continue living your life while respecting yourself
wanting to not do anything
nonsense dismissed in written form fact
wanting to commit suicide that was one thing that
Honestly it took a huge weight off my shoulders.
to which I responded with another
rather long message in which you
He said he was proud that it was
would have realized that removing himself from the
path is not a solution for anything that
a selfish movement that only
was going to do was to harm her so much
She, like her loved ones, was going to
leave an indelible mark on the life of
people who may not have had
knowledge directly
responsibility for her feeling
So after this he wrote to me again
pretty laros message saying that I
I missed you please heal the
wounded, he would return to her who always went
to find a space for us to get married
that blah blah blah blah that we had to
we had been looking at an apartment that she didn't
He had cared to leave everything behind.
offered to let go of what she
What he wanted most in this world was his dog
Toy told me my dog is in need of
It's true that I don't care about telling about being
With you I will be fine because
took advantage of the physical pull that
have me because whenever
we are together we are well You are
in love and you don't realize it but I love you
I have seen much happier when I am here
in front of when I'm not there and it's like
when you are not in function of what
that you're doing I guess it's normal
that he is not happy no blah blah blah and what
The last thing he told me was, and well, after
I'm not going to tell you anything else about this.
just please don't throw away the gifts that
you have been doing this during this time
It is true that some photos and memories
that had too attached to her yes
that I threw them away because I couldn't stand it
see him after I found out about him
everything he has done to me and it is true for
WhatsApp didn't write to me again.
no time after this last one
message but yes, being the week
following the weekend of celebration with
some friends started bombarding me
on Instagram telling me that she was very
handsome who missed me who missed me
I wanted you to please be so that I wish I was
There it started to happen to me when I said that
at no time would there be that chat because
It caught me at 3:00 or so in the morning.
in a nightclub with colleagues who were carrying
years without seeing and was enjoying his
company So I just removed the
notifications so I don't have to be eating
the head and the next day When
I went to Instagram and saw that I had deleted it.
the messages I guess thinking that no
I had realized that I had
written That was the last contact that
had directly with me weighs that
different people a girl to see a
girl who doesn't clarify no I mean no
really knows what it is what it is
that she is not a girl who doesn't clarify
but let's not even go to the count of three, well, let's see
eh I also tell you they are not people
young people are indecisive people do not have
maturity are people who make mistakes and
They are going to make mistakes many times in
life obviously but it is
It's true that with him, eh, I'm not going to put it
A label is worth it I'm not going to put one on it
label what I would call it
Okay, I'm not going to put a label on it like
but I consider that with him it has been
behaved very very
Bad Very very bad let's leave it at that
okay or manipulation
Hey
infidelities, uses him, laughs at him
eh it sinks it because it sinks it It is
Look at his little face, but it's nothing.
more than you had to see his little face, I mean
Look because there were some videos already
has deleted No but in the videos that
He was in the videos where he was
answering Dallas Claro because
On top of that, it was sinking his ego.
yours with Dallas also not in those
videos we see how with the passage of
the videos with the passage of the
episodes he leaves emaciated Even in
the
appearance is worth it, that is to say it is tremendous
damage that this girl has caused in this
Boy, they're not 18, for God's sake.
I was making mistakes until I was 30 and
Of course they are young and have
still a lot of time to make mistakes and
to make mistakes and to learn from
this experience of this experience of
This experience Ricky will be a lot
stronger That's the good thing that's going to happen
to be able to extract in quotation marks from this
history is worth it that this
experience will come out much more
reinforced and and for the next one for the
next time after everything is over
So what this is going to happen is that it is not
They will deceive so easily or manipulate
not so much either
easy every time I entered tiktok I
They mentioned on TikTok that I was already challenging
because apparently now there is one
category in which you can see that
tiktok retweets people and well as the
Curiosity always kills the cat because I
I would go see it and it was like TikTok in the
who felt the guilt in others felt
super empowered saying that if a
T man fallen because he does not deserve so much
pity and things like that that didn't matter to me and
say what we just discussed a while ago
while okay I didn't know that on tikt I could
retweeting things is new so
seen is new from now on apparently
Okay, so I ended up blocking her.
Another week or two passes on TikTok.
exact weeks from the moment in which
that we have the conversation that
I decide to officially leave her and ask her
don't write to me again for two weeks
also although having a very good time
company and with people who love me
I do have a lot of bad times.
I suffer it about every morning because you want
that I am not a weak person and I am given
quite good to miss and it is a
something that I quite agree with
people who don't even deserve anything
good of me but by force of eating the
I used to put the banknotes in the jar
by bus and train to get to the
next day i at home and return to
talk about things I don't know for what purpose
because I already had clear what I wanted and
I just needed time but first
I wanted to remove a thorn from that.
I had it in my mind that I wanted to ask one
a person close to him who had been
witness of everything that happened that
night actually on the floor of the
guys, tell me if you want
the reality of the situation at the moment
that I contacted this person
He responded in a very good manner
telling me that she was fed up with being
I was painting like a real one
devil that the testimonies that there were
given Laura on my channel they were
directly affecting her because yes
that there were people who placed her that everything
what he had said was a lie he had
I'm thinking of writing to you in a group with
the rest of those involved in the situation
that the aquas videos were mentioned
supposed manipulated and made-up truth
by Laura at the end but since she wasn't there
available started to teach me a lot
of captures videos photos and I'm not
knowing this thing well, forgive me
day I speak the testimonies that I had given
Laura on my channel was being affected
directly to her because there was
people who located her that everything that
I had said it was a lie, I had thought
write to me in a group with the rest
of those involved in the situation that is
They mentioned the videos that supposedly
true okay or so this is towards a
Lali's friend or ex-friend today no
that they located her that people located her
even if they hadn't said the names in
the videos that Rick and Lali had made
People located her Of course but But this
It is the same as Tudor. That is, Tudor.
What you say, well, he's not putting it on
name a tudor is talking about a
ex-boyfriend let's see he's putting it on
The kid is the abuser in all of Zaragoza
He was telling me I don't remember if
was it within the interview or outside of it
The camera shows a kiss in Zaragoza
Many people point him out as an abuser and
that in a nightclub they have come to him
to lie because this girl has put it and
has been accused of being an abuser, this has
to have
legal consequences, I mean, eh?
to legal consequences I love you not
You can do that and stay Rosita and
every time you mess things up Lali Eh well
you point and ruin the lives of others
other man for God's sake uncle that is a
Laura's makeup is outrageous
from beginning to end but as I was not
available started to teach me a lot
of captures videos, photos and audios that
They credited from beginning to end and without giving
leave no room for doubt that Laura
decided to be unfaithful to me that day although
have this evidence and this information
I can't share it explicitly
because it would be a revelation of a secret already
that I am not part of either of the
conversations that I have read nor of the
private groups that were shared
These if the girl wants to tell it, that is
If the girl wants to go out and post those
conversations can do it worth another
thing would be to civilly violate the
Lali's intimacy but of course being Lali
a person who has lent himself to this
type of content has given statements
to a gossip channel such as
mine and has participated in a video
monetized eh when he was her partner no
She was Ricky Edi's partner and has profited
He has not profited from these things
private life that girl if she publishes the
conversations don't happen to Ricky
neither so if there is that evidence but
is that we also enter anyway
in a thing that also has a purpose
we enter into something that is for what it is
which is not necessary either if it is that
It is not to say: Well, look.
publish it to know No it's not that
There is no need for video, these photos and
These audios but I can tell you
that after the night of the alleged
rape suffered by Laura, a friend of hers
asked how it had failed and His
The answer was a tired, trembling voice.
daughter from before laughing saying that
It was covered in hickeys all over
parts that I didn't understand at all but that
I was delighted and everything was very good
background in that same
audio
Oh how this is getting family
How are we, let's see you around here
how are you doing?
passing family How are we let's see what
I see you, I hear you, I hear you
Hey David, thank you very much, but it's just that
I see you are very weak, not to see those primes in
the Twitch where they are expensive a good kiss
I'm not going to monetize this live but I
It doesn't matter because you are going to be members
I don't care about anyone, I don't care about anyone. No
monetize, see if you understand here
We are here for laughter, I don't care. No
monetize because that's what I'm constantly working on
ask for members is not monetized has
Be members absolutely all the
world there are 5000 people here Pau Muchas
Thanks Pau, there are 5000 people here.
5500 people right now yes right now
everyone the 5000 people the 5000
people here give away five
members each one of us lied Lali
Let's go, let's go, be careful there, eh? Very
well brought very well brought mother of the
beautiful love but Ricky endure
Argentina dad, hold on Argentina dad
Long live Argentina, who's watching me?
Argentina with a kiss, a huge kiss, a
huge kiss to
see you
[Music]
whisper
2001 hit, Mayonnaise, what memories
Only King Africa and the bomb are missing.
also from the time Well there we are no
lemon thank you very much Thank you very much
To all five members you can give a gift
each one of you five members give away each
one and we'll break YouTube and make a mess, eh?
It depends on you to see, or rather, you are
commenting that Ricky heard an audio
from Ali saying
Sea Ricky listened to an audio of Ali
saying it doesn't make sense what he has done to me
last night my goodness the shaking that
They hit me, I have hickeys all over
parts what are you telling me that
I am finding out how Pilar Muchas
Thank you queen, thank you very much. Hey.
You are letting today that
[Music]
Gentlemen, you are in a place of youth.
letting the gentlemen put everything in their place
lady over here putting the wallet
We're going to give away five members. So
You're telling me Maluma, a kiss I
He writes to me with complete peace of mind.
IV and he writes to me francua writes to me toqui
Maluma a kiss King then then you
I answer the other WhatsApp
day you are telling me that you heard a
audio with Ali's voice
saying what a shake they gave me yesterday
I don't understand anything I don't understand anything Of course
that the girl was in a state of shock
Of course that's why he didn't tell you because
I was in a state of shock from the shaking that
I've been walking, my mother, my mother, uncle, mother
mine
Uncle, my goodness, uncle, and we have half left
video still to come
see mother of God uncle but mother of
I was a god of gossip channels but you
You do it with grace and self-confidence
that you deserve it uncle I deserve that I
kick me off YouTube because But oh well Many
Thanks for the compliment, a big kiss
thanks for the B
very handsome
[Music]
listen to me
incredible incredible
incredible, they hear the boy's laughter
with whom I was already that night
just before the
audio the boy's laughter too
We want to help you with your diet
XD Come on man, I still have some left. Look.
I start the diet in 5 days
I still have a few days of being a chubby boy left.
Being able to eat whatever I want is worth it
This weekend I'm going to put on my boots.
eat So come five member Mika
Many thanks to the five members of Mika
but all the chat applauding is worth it
the chat applauding we continue with the
video ok we continue with the video no
I know how the likes will go, I don't know how they will go
We look at subscriptions when
Let's finish the video so you don't forget
That Tudor is going to come up and give his opinion on this, huh?
So don't forget that in the
Today's program still features Tudor
commenting on this So it's very crazy
This live show is very crazy, let's get to it.
Let's get down to business, she passes a photo to her friend
in which he has his face completely
redhead is disheveled, she wears a
T-shirt of the boy with whom everything happened
this that night this it
please please please tell me
that the shirt was at least DEET
chimera a kiss I'm sending you a photo
saying look look I'm here with the
note t-shirt with the t-shirt of
notes with disheveled hair with the
my mother my mother of love But what is it
what we are
listening but please you have to
love each other a little, kids, you have to
loving yourself a little there comes a time when
that you can forgive okay comes a
moment when you can be good
People being in love young I understand
I understand it, but it's something else.
This So you had seen a t-shirt
old this for you because I enjoy it
the exclusives that you [ __ ] a round of applause
To the editor for the soundtrack, a kiss
kiss a kiss always here the exclusive
The serious thing is how easily they accused
both publicly to a kid of something
Violin He Didn't Make and Knowing the Truth
and Knowing the
truth Knowing the
they were really lying ically
Knowing the
true having seen these photographs
these
audios throwing us at the others that
we were looking for the information
correct But how is this going to be put
video no Body Thank you very much but how
This video is going to be posted for God's sake. I don't
I can do more, I refuse to see him, I'm leaving
I went to bed today at 12 o'clock.
the morning and I Today I'm going to bed
early step of you how is it going to
Come, you Dora, this program tonight
How is your dor going to come to this?
program tonight explain that to me early
Thank you very much Welcome to the family
Welcome to all of you who are here
making members but really
The truth is that we are 5000 people and no
There are 5000 members still what is it
What happens is what happens, do you want us to
let's go, we'll leave it for another day.
We are here more than 5000 people and no
There are 5000 members, what do we do, we leave it
another day you tell me and we'll see
Barbara Tell me I feel so sorry for Ricky but
It was clear that they had been horns
tasty old man was right from the start
first from the first video I knew it is
end of the month Javi in the tam There is no money
understand after the first we give away
members face each other tightly closed
and Veronica sticking out her tongue there is a
special price for can and you
You can become a member with the price
special for latan Even if you are from
Spain gives you the special price for
you can and give away 50 members for 9 I think
that are not worth Roman 50 members for 9 yes
you buy it from Latan, that is, it is for
to snitch is to snitch from
5 in the morning when they have already
finished everything and under the testimony of
This same person apparently while
They were going somewhere else to catch
allegedly the drug from the mouth of
Laura came out words like aunt this
Uncle, it turns me on a lot, please help me
[ __ ] her this girl asked him about me
because he knew we were together and
He saw us very well and said to him, "You are not here."
with him Good but we are not in very good
moment s pron much by the floor and it is
I don't care, I'm not here to endure
silly and I want to do this so
Please help me convince the boys
from the floor when we arrive that I am
single the same testimony and
to what what headline places eh mother
my mother of love
beautiful Gabriel A kiss how painful
it has to be
Man, that must be so painful.
Listen to your girlfriend, man. I mean, the
aunt first and then it involves
to eh please first it will go up Okay
for the moment it will rise from the A to the
better go up today too I'm sure
completely safe but first you have
that Tudor is going to go up, Tudor is going to go up, it's worth it
We'll call Tudor when we're done.
After watching the video, my goodness, we have 15 left.
minutes still of video I don't know what
We'll meet there, okay, but
listen to me, I mean it's going to involve like
not everyone, not all friends
First he uses them to convince the
guys that she is single shock a
kiss first uses them to deceive
the boys make her want that she is a
single girl and then uses them for
deceive
Ricky this is too much this this video
This video is a
This video is outrageous
eh some more shared by people who
Today they have no relationship with each other
He also reports that he only collected one
type of drug at the site you were with
her partner who wasn't even one
hard drug that has no effect
lasting and that was Laura's decision
take it to the floor with the others to
be in tune Yes, they told me that
had only smoked
joints, let's see what you're saying
you can say what you are saying
you guys apart from that apparently too
had been drinking wine and therefore
so much could go a little touched Although I know
perfectly the type of wine you drink
Laura Because I taught it to him and he barely
It has degrees, it is impossible to raise it
enough for you to be
unaware of what you decide to take or
put in effect this companion that
He was with her from beginning to end
during that day and all that night I
confirmed that he had not consumed anything anymore
more than alcohol and a drug that does not
I want to mention to avoid
[ __ ] but it's pretty mild and
give away members and thumbs up no
You can miss Javi's face with what
best of the
video that still does not cover one
infidelity with a very regrettable Bol
Well, not just cover it up with a
rape but playing with rape
that they made you as a child threaten with
that you're going to commit suicide if you don't support her
or Angel Welcome to the king family
Thank you very much. A kiss.
I think that all the liars are enormous.
that we have talked about, I think this is the one
what has overcome the most, eh, eh, I mean, it's that
It's been too much in too little time, huh?
I mean, I think it has surpassed any
of the stories we have covered
here eh or so it's very heavy eh or
you are telling me that
we have not yet seen the best of
video wait because what's left is
What are you putting dynamite on me?
You are counting on what is left But
what are you asking me?
telling me what you are doing
saying Wait what's left is
Dynamite Ana Thank you very much
beautiful, thank you so much sweetheart. How
you are but I am very sad that
There aren't 5000 members here, eh, I'm here.
very sad that there are not 5000 members
here because it could be eh it could be
Hey, get ready and don't do anything to her.
Chair has a super short duration that
the same person that Laura accused of
having been responsible for inciting her to
get high because it seems normal
he put a lot of money in, he confessed to me that he didn't
She had never gotten involved in anything
life apart from some mild nonsense
but he didn't even smoke a cigarette
So that's what he told me and it's been
completely false according to several
common testimonies Laura went through the
door of the new apartment saying kids
I'm single, take advantage of it right now.
I'm sure but they stayed
quite caught because the days
previous ones in that city when they had
I had already told them that I had gone out to party
that he was with me and that he was fine.
so but let's see let's see let's see is that
even if it were true that he was
Being single already seems like an outrage to me.
so what we are talking about is already
that we are speaking in a tone of
trust, that is, I say it for example
Here you are often having fun
or that I take my best friend from the
childhood or whatever, I don't know what he gives you
a peak Imagine me that I know another context
Okay, but we're talking about
some strangers you are going to stay
sleep at a party of some
unknown encarni Thank you very much for
give away another five at a time
five by five we go Thank you very much
Many thanks to those of you who are here
giving away It already seems like a thing to me
barbarity It already seems like a barbarity to me
barbarity in itself although although
I was really single. I mean in a
house you don't know
no one in a house or new guys and
that you open the door and enter the
house saying take advantage that I am
single but well this what It seems that
He is at a flea market selling Braga
thus offering you necho Nacho Nacho Nacho
necho necho boado Thank you very much A kiss
a welcome kiss
King, what a great job, man.
too much this is too much man I don't
I can handle this, I can't handle this
video I can't watch it anymore eh I'll go
to leave for tomorrow eh I want to be
member says efi don't worry that
right now look at Anna Francisco has
gifted a member has made us a member
Lautaro herself has just become
member also Many thanks to all
Hey, this is outrageous. This.
video It's already going too far
This video is coming very very soon
far
Hey, this video is getting too far.
far away I can't with this video
I skip this video in fact
Hey, I'm skipping this video, dude.
hincapi was sure of what she was
saying and she confirmed it
reluctantly with complete confidence and
being fully aware that I was
doing with the passage of time in that
room I don't know who proposed it but
They started playing one of those games
truth or dare and I have read The
captures in which Laura forces her
friend who asks a question in
specific to a specific person
who is the boy she slept with
for the boy to kiss her or for
they went to their room together because
I had no more desire to be there with
everyone apparently one of the
test that came out was to say who them
seemed like the most attractive person and another
was that they had to go to the kitchen to
change each other's tops
with the other taking into account that each
one only carried up A garment with
the passage of time the rest of the A garment
A garment A lerenda garment A garment
each one had
[Music]
show A kiss Thank you very much thank you
for those five subs Ana Francisco
Welcome to the Mari Morita family
Welcome to the family, sweetheart, how are you?
It's josco Congratulations I don't know if you
touched or did you do it, you bastard, a kiss
To everyone, thank you very much to everyone.
that you are becoming members eh
Thank you very much to everyone Benji a kiss
My goodness, but what do they have, or rather, what do they have?
moment in which this is played
Lautaro, a kiss, handsome, when are you going?
to the kitchen to change a piece of clothing
mother of love, beautiful uncle, but
that
[ __ ] he saw that they were pretty
launched So they kept doing
things on their own and the two of them
They went to the boy's room and according to
the testimony of the person who also
He witnessed what happened that time
night the last thing he heard screaming
Laura before leaving the apartment for a
bad experience I had had with
Another of the companions was being in
the boy's bed from his big Javi
You are the best in everything, beast. I want to know.
How do I become a member if I have never been one?
made tesa please explain how it is
make a member Look tesa out there has
given a prime on Twitch tesa by
Please explain how members become
Guys, and how do you give gifts? Please
It would be nice if you put the link so that
become a member and I set it fixed
in the chat so that everyone swims
more than you have to click on it
Gabriel Azo has given one away. It would be
good that we put the link of the
members I leave it pinned in the chat
boom and the members burst to see what
says my favorite hater Lady Marshall to
Let's see if we listen to what King Javi said.
that even being a lottery, it is disgusting to say
That's because everyone does what they feel like doing.
win without harming of course as I said
Lady march because I don't remember the
true and it is not disgusting at all
that I have said, that is, it does not seem to me the
true neither does it seem to me that you
you arrive at a house with a lot of people
that does not know You can do what
you want of course as if you love yourself
get naked and start doing the
croquette in the middle of s30 and Oye a
see if you're lucky or not, Gabrielo
Thank you very much. You can do what you want.
you want but it doesn't seem to me that it's the
best idea in the world to get into one
house with a bunch of guys eh take a
on top of that, a house where they are already
saying that there are no drugs and alcohol and
those things and you come in no eh What
I'm single, take advantage, take advantage
So you're selling DVDs in the
Nervin Plaza gate, that is to say, it is not
no no I mean no I'm sorry stop
stop with this stupid feminism that you don't
You can do whatever you want and if
you are single you can go to bed every
day with a different one if you want always
I hear you at work but today I haven't
I was able to resist and here I am.
stuck big live a big kiss
you great you Ricardo Muchas
Thank you also very much to everyone
Hey, we continue with the live show, not you.
When you are single you can lie down
each day with one obviously did not continue
gossip channels until I met you
Javi channel I love you very much Greetings
I want, yes, I love you sh many
thanks you know that you won't leave me
nonsense but no it's not safe it's not
appropriate does not give a good image not you in
another thing is that you Imagine that
you stay with your group of friends you stay
with your group of friends with whom you
You are confident and you know perfectly well
you know And you go into the bar where you stop
all every day or you go into the in the
your friend's house and says, hey, take advantage of that
I am single, take advantage now of your
group of friends you trust as
when you [ __ ] your friends
no and with your friends there are contexts and there are
context and the context in this case are
guys you don't know anything about geeky people
Congratulations, you have won a membership.
that they have given away, come on, man, no
no, no, the context is what it is
the context is the one that you don't know
You're welcome, a drug environment that I
are
telling me what you're telling me room
Sister tonight [ __ ] up to here
This person's testimony arrives
because at that moment
abandoned Ur sister, that is, look
How far do feminists go?
you are ok, that is to say it is a pattern
which is a pattern worth or while
have gone on Twitter La Lali and those who
supported Lali while they went in
Twitter with the hashtag sister I do you
I believe in intimacy the hashtag was
sister today [ __ ] go man for
Please here you are going to come to laugh at
other people of me Don't pay attention to you, eh?
Twitter when I was telling the
sister story, I do believe you, sister
Lali, I do believe you, how am I going to put it in
doubt a testimony and the real hashtag was
Sister is [ __ ] today even though she has a boyfriend, okay?
Sister, please let's fool everyone, Kiki.
and let's say I'm single man
please come man please and
apart from that I am not apart from that I am
wishing Josefina shell is free
take advantage of the story, it's cool, a kiss
Joselina Thank you very much Mar
Welcome to the family, thank you all.
Those of you who are becoming members do not
It's not worth it, I'm looking forward to seeing the video.
Abi the live that Abi is going to do
condemning this liar because
remember what Abi said Let's see
remember what he said
Abi
I'm not going to harass anyone when a
The victim comes out but I will always believe her
of
First you have to believe it if it comes out later
that she is a liar, I am going to call her out
that as the one that most very well as the one that
further
eh How am I going to believe her when
go out and then if Lali would like to give her
version would you receive? Yes, yes, of course.
Of course there are friends from Alali who have told me
They said they want to tell me another version
I make it clear, of course you have to
listen to all versions is
very clear on eh on my main channel
where the news is given, it is heard
all versions in fact Lali has already
came to deny things and I have done it
said no but if you want to come and give a
Of course I receive it by interview
course Vale and to present evidence By
Of course I receive them but here in the
direct I think it's okay And I think it is
a liar Christian a kiss now
then if you want to show more evidence by
assumption that vz is given to a
kiss but
Uncle, you have the presumption of innocence
you go through the lining completely
I prefer to believe a possible liar
that I will tell a possible abuser that
say until I
die great great there is one
Gabrielo has given away another five
I'm getting dizzy with my limbs
I'm dizzy what's going on we're done
to put in the chat we just fixed in
The chat is valid for those who cannot find it.
In the chat we just pinned the link
where you just click boom and on
thanks if you are having a great time
well in the live boom you click it
you remove is member ok
brutal but yes at 5 in the morning
started receiving the photos and audios of
Laura proud of what had happened
joking that he had hickeys or
what had happened with El Chaval and is
here where other profiles that also
I'm going to mention I decided to join in giving myself
testimony because they have realized
that have been manipulated and have been
victims like me of the
behaviors that Laura decided to have
with this group of people in that place
At that time more people of his
environment until then his confidence and
Very closely they began to tell me
the rest of the things to start with I think
after knowing that all this is true
and that they have shown it to me with
proof is quite evident that laora
wanted to repeat because she had
that I hadn't realized she wasn't
a victim she wasn't going through
a trauma that had been repeated by her no longer
I was afraid of nothing because it was the
first that continued calling heart love
affection and other things to the boy with whom
It happened a moment before I
discover the conversations in the
that it was reported that they had done something
Indeed, it was she who followed
organizing trips to see this
person bought gifts secretly and
I continued to maintain contact with both their
friends as with them after having me
said that he had them blocked anyway
parts that were people I loved
out of his life because they had made him
much damage mother do not forget either
for those who want to give away subs in
Twitch there is a 25%
Ah good good that good that one too
Thank you so much
mother race of beautiful love and now
I was aware that I was a victim
but in short and well not content to arrive at
a house with strangers and say
Take advantage of the fact that I'm single, it sounds like
a good strategy to achieve
any STDs
Hahaha, let's see, man, it's a little bit clear.
dangerous but while Us while
that you take precaution, nothing happens no
you have why yes yes eh nuo Many
Thanks, always be careful, guys.
always precautions but man is not
appropriate is not appropriate It is that where
We are going to take feminism now
It is good that everyone can
do whatever you want, of course, man
Of course, I can take it right now.
and throw myself for a seventh Of course
Yes of course but man that is not the case
further
I'm sure with that I also find out that
after what happened in the house in
the one I went with my companions and
be inviting Andorra to come to me
demonstrated at her absolute request
and for her part she was my wife
life was messing up in a couple of
occasions with a friend of yours telling you
that I loved him, that with him it would have been
everything easier and although now I had to
go to Andorra to be well
with me because the only fear and reason
for the one who was still by my side was
for fear that he would make a video that
will destroy his life that I will now speak about
about this because it seems to me quite
despicable hypocrite on your part
who had him in his heart and
I would write as long as I didn't
was present just in case I
I found out that I was talking to more
people
and
with another while I was there
I understood it well, I understood it well
I understood correctly, damn kid, it seems to me
a proud man who has taken the host and
I hope it helps you to be more humble.
and less of a jerk in general, but what I mean is
I'm understanding
Well, I'm understanding it well, that is.
is saying that
Lalii was happy that with him there would be
been people he wanted out of his
life because they had hurt him a lot and
now I was aware that I was more mam
Anyway, not happy with that.
I also find out that after what
It happened in the house where I went with
my colleagues and being invited to
Andorra to show me why
absolute request of her and on her part
that she was the woman of my life was
messing around on a couple of occasions with a
friend of his telling him that he loved him
With him everything would have been easier and
although now I had to go up to Andorra
to be okay with me
by
getting a little weird gabrielo Many
thanks for the tudor members that you
you have become a member I just saw you
I just saw the Tudor member of this channel
This is getting a little weird huh or
be this is getting a little
weird This is getting a little weird
I'm finding out something here that
I can't take it anymore, I can't go on
watching this video and being here so
calm down or so in the end it turns out
Wait Wait Wait Wait
Wait for the end
it turns out that
It was also for him So it was also
I roll with another before or so
I roll with another guy And he says Well I'm
rolling here with you with you would have
It's all been very cool, but I'm going to Andorra.
I'm not going to fix it with my other boyfriend.
I can't make a video for myself.
no I ant done that something I return to
tobacco by chance no no that's not it
We're not going, I really can't.
do nothing else today, I refuse to continue
watching this [ __ ] video Eh I refuse to
keep watching this [ __ ] video for real
me
I surrender, I surrender absolutely
Hey, lies and STDs are like one.
box of chocolates you never know which one will suit you
to play good, leave the dark humor
man leave humor
Black Lali is a
crack [ __ ] let's see is the one that has the most
enjoyed the story things like
are
eh, she is the one who has enjoyed the topic the most
Hey, let's see how things are, straight to the point, Javi.
you are a crack, greetings chur, a kiss
Daniel a kiss to you all Many
Thanks, I don't know who Ricky or Lali is.
But in Colombia that is called cachos
Benao is a better dedication than Nole de
Ricky, damn it, it's not his fault, let's see.
He is to blame for having managed it
fatal and well nothing happens on your part
wanted him had him in his heart and
I would write as long as I didn't
was present just in case I
I found out that I was talking to more
people I have the confirmation and the
proven testimony that he was indeed there
talking to this guy while I was
with me in Andorra presumably
showing me that she was the woman of my
life or that he was the best person he was going to
to know as soon as I share the
testimonies of her the information that
I had what I had talked about with her
both with this guy and with the
people who were related and who
They knew about this and put their hand to the
head because they realized that
They told them a version
completely turned around from what
was actually happening The good thing is
that although after this happened
Laura deletes all her WhatsApp chats
I wouldn't let you try anything and I would have
said that he had done exactly what
myself actually I did not delete the
conversations I still had everything
what we had talked about since
decided to put the tweets in which
made public everything that had happened
while I slept until the day of
today so I shared the phrases
words and authentic behavior
that Laura was having with me with
they and they were completely
astonished they realized that each one
I told him the version that interested him
so as not to lose it and that he was in charge of
that you hate each other so that
we had ourselves blocked and not
we would get to talk to realize
that she was the one who was doing it
inventing everything like the final Perlita
after comparing everything to give way
and distribute everything he had obtained
in folders to be quite clear
what had happened what orders
cause the events and how
focus them to communicate it to her
because he obviously wanted her to be
Aware that I knew this, I decided
call him she took him very dressed up with a
clothes very much like going out or having gone out with
the heavily made-up false eyelashes
truth is she was beautiful I told her where from
He came because it was early and told me that
nothing that from home that had slept like that
that was horrible because the day
Previously the force had to go
tudor a kiss Oscar Thank you very much tudor
Come on now, we'll call you when
Let's finish watching this video, Javi.
direct is a
fantasy this is a live that is not
plan eh marilu Javi you dance like a
pensioner face turning from the
laughing face rolling with laughter and not
and I'm not going to deny it to you
Of course you are telling the whole truth
factors factors you just said
factors said to intervene at his house for
some family problems that were not a
consistent situation that was fatal
for me who missed me, who loved me
that he believed him and that he should please have
clear her words and what she was
defending what I told Laura
I'm going to give you one last chance to
that you tell me the truth I don't want you to
lie because if you do I'll know
that you are doing it I have the form of
check it out and I would like it to come out
you to at least tell that in some
moment of my relationship is with a
sincere person even if it is in the form
more creeping and minimal she told me one
once again that his authentic truth had
Ricky I didn't say that making folders was
psychopath in the Dallas video Ah but
If he does everything okay we have that one
clip because luare I don't know if you're for it
chat talk to me on WhatsApp I don't know if
you will be in the chat but if that is so
What you say, put it in the news.
Please click the clip where it is
just said and and and and comparing it
with the other by
end
Let's see, I'm seeing a lot of people in the
chat saying Javi You were right Javi
Oliveira was right but I don't understand that.
I surprise myself, I am surprised by all the
new one coming out jusp Many
Thank goodness I was right since
the first
whatever day you are telling me
Hello, my birthday was on the 20th, a kiss
grandfather face blowing a kiss a kiss
huge Congratulations I'm very happy
that it was your birthday king Me
I'm glad
a lot here on the boys' floor
boy had abused her and that
I had wanted to continue meeting with them
or have a good relationship, good words
For them it was for fear that
sold a misleading version of what it was like
her and I didn't want it to hurt her or
socially, neither personally nor publicly I
I said I had enough Of course not
It had not been a relationship nor abuse and
She acted surprised by victimizing herself
again trying to manipulate me by saying
with the number of times you have
said that you are going to support me that you are
with me that you believe my words that
believe is my version that believes my
testimony and well basically I recited it
some of the phrases that there were
heard in the audios in which she
She herself boasted of having been
having sexual relations with a
person who put something on her
He only knew how to react the way he does
always with me and with everyone
look at the camera very seriously and say No
You have no idea about anything, but everything
all the evidence pointed against him
and that they were proofs that really
They exposed him as an unfaithful person
volunteer who had done something quite a bit
serious as it was or what Ricky is
What Ricky is acknowledging here is
very strong or so what Rick is
recognizing here is that everyone who
He was saying that he didn't believe it himself
Knowing the truth stands before you
a camera and you
This is lying, let's see, one thing is that
you omit something
Don't you omit something and say, "Well then."
I don't have to give explanations, no
I tell this about my life or whatever but
Another thing that is very different is that you
look at the camera and tell your
followers one thing that you know it is
lie to give public information that
involved a room of sexual abuse
and not wanting to file a complaint for not
wanting to trust the justice system
Spanish denied it, denied it again
even at the last moment he started trying
justifying yourself by saying no
because that is distorted Since in
reality Of course there were no relations
sexual okay I remember that there was a dream
but in reality that didn't happen
because I don't know if you remember that
I have a trauma that I have such I don't know what
I say honestly right now after
of everything they've told me about what
I have heard what I have seen of what
that I have been able to contract between people
that have no relation to today
It's true that right now I don't believe anything.
so anyway at that moment With everything
respect like a 20-year-old brat
that today I consider that it is
He put me on the defensive by comparing me and
telling me Well you know what gives me
Just like me Honestly right now
The only thing I feel for you is pity for me
I just wanted you to believe me so that you
At least you will look at me calmly.
intention is that you were not also my
birthday also quio It doesn't matter equal to
whatever you want with your life began to
make up things bret what has bret said
Hey
Mother M is the new miar Only thing missing
steal the
beautiful love mother dog
uncle it's my birthday too
I want my greeting I give Five members bret
five members you are going to give five members
Well, happy belated birthday, friend.
five members, one guy here fixed each
night five members As for example
You should know that it also reaches me that
They're seeing you with a bunch of girls
that you go with girls to places that later
Things happen to me that I have seen that
They told me about it and I was there
completely expectantly asking him
who had stayed with whom had
done something and with whom I could have
see that it was not with people with whom
that I normally interact here in
Andorra when I go out to party it was not
able to tell me anything because obviously
during all this time I have not done
absolutely nothing with anyone because by
It was his fault that my head had such a hole
big that did not allow me to feel or
develop any feeling of
emotion for any person other than
She knew I had discarded her from my life
I think that anyone who has been through
for a painful breakup after
feel completely in love or
In love, she knows how difficult it is to forget
someone you feel you have loved
For so long I told him that
Obviously in two weeks there was
started talking to people who were
knowing Pea but that my intentions
They weren't going to do anything more than just do
friends and friends because right now no
I was in no mental state to
to know no one in one aspect
sentimental and much less sexual because
Honestly, I am a person who
needs to feel something strong for the
person you are meeting to have
a sexual relationship with her I am like that
I've always been like this and I'm not capable of
do it any other way And by
the latter seeing herself completely cornered
and without ceasing to defend that there was no
nothing happened that was unconscious that
it had been a relationship that was abusive
how could I be discrediting
both a victim of something sexual as
serious after having told him that the
I thought he supported her, that he was with her
having lent him my channels so that he could
defend this in the most sneaky and underhand way
The worst I've ever seen in my life.
telling me that it's good that all that
that he had told me is very good because
It is true that he was going to love me for
a long time but that she had also
been open to meeting people and that
during these two weeks I had known
a boy I was pretty good with
and that in fact the day before they had
stayed and had had relations without
no problem and she was delighted
At first I took it as a
gratuitous attack without justification
I told him I don't believe it I think
past but with how many guys has she slept
a Plin or so but let's see with
how much How many people have you slept with or
has been
rolled or rather With how many people has it been
rolled up while I was trying
convince us Ramn that the
They had raped, Javi, there are 6000 of us.
people like and subscribe yes
We are 6000 people but we are not 6000
members we are not 6000 members so
Well, it tastes a little bit like it tastes a little bit like it
It's strange that there are 6000 more people here than
6000 people and we are not able to do it
I say to reach 3000 members or
4000 cuar a kiss mother of beautiful love
uncle but with
This is an outrage
Hey, a kiss, Laura, it's just that she's a
barbarity
colleague, this is a real outrage
that we are
watching Lali
lalii Many
thank you very much thank you very much
thanks enough little time
since you haven't written to me since you haven't written to me
You send the texts that you tell me that
Your heart will always be mine whenever you go
to love all your life as if there were
This has been true and for me it fulfilled
April you greet me face to face with your hand on your head
with hand over mouth face with hand
above the mouth it looks like this when Jordi
wil was charging 40 bucks for each
birthdays
Do you remember to show it? He sent me a video.
sitting on the bed with a guy next to her
shirtless recorded the day before was
Really well obviously you know that the issue of
the traumas of host Well I'm glad that
you are meeting people taught him a
video the aunt showed a video to Ricky
Eddie with an uncle in the
bed I can't take this anymore
I'm going there, eh? And now you have to go up.
tudor here you guys want that
suba tudor here to talk about this
video you guys want that now
come up tudor here speak I
Good night Javi I can only
leave you my like because I'm getting up early tomorrow.
have a good live people to do
members a kiss ducu Thank you very much
Jordi will the king of gossip, gosh!
that you go so fast with other people but
you forget that you are supposed to have
traumas and this Oh no, well with this
person does not manifest and everything is
well and I can blah blah blah blah the truth
that at that point I reconsidered whether
feeling like a [ __ ] piece of garbage of a man and
person but I love myself a little more
that's why I simply answered him
With a laugh I called her unfaithful and
I hung up forever All the
conversations with the testimonies
discussions to bring out all the light have
many more nuances are quite more
long and I do not rule out that at some point
She also wants to record herself explaining
which is your version but luckily I
I have all the necessary material that I
whatever it takes to try anything
that she tries to invent because
Unfortunately, some of her other friends and
Friends have also told me things that
They are much harsher towards me and
is that during
With the utmost respect to everyone
world Ricky made the mistake of making
public this whole matter as it has been
confessed force is an outrage this
eh it's too much eh it's a lot eh it's a lot
eh our whole relationship just had
negative words about me
I told them that he was a manipulator that he was
an abuser there were people who
I told her that when I discovered that
had been following side with
crystals through my house and the reality of
That situation is when I found out about
that something had happened with another person
without having context that she was going
drugged and that she had allegedly
been a sexual abuse Under his false
testimony that moment I took a photo
that we had together I threw it against him
the floor broke, I swept the glass, I went
to the bathroom cry like a [ __ ] How how
how wait wait I'm not
Understanding this, let me hear it.
Please be quiet, people to whom he said
that when I discovered that they had violated it
I was chasing her with crystals for
my house and the reality of that situation
is that when I found out that there was
Something happened with someone else who said that to him
Other people also welcome a kiss
My other friends have also
told things that are much harder
regarding me and I mean he was speaking badly to me
From Ricky to friends Pedro welcome
Thank you very much, please be quiet for a moment.
Please be quiet for a moment, he said to
the
friends she told friends that
Ricky chased her with crystals is that
throughout our relationship I only had
negative words about me
I told them that he was a manipulator that he was
an abuser there were people who
I told her that when I discovered that
had been chasing her side with
crystals through my house and the reality of
That situation is when I found out about
that something had happened with another person
without having context that she was going
drugged and that she had allegedly
been a sexual abuse Under his false
testimony At that moment I took a
I threw the photo we had together against
the floor broke I swept the glass
I went to the bathroom crying like a [ __ ]
[ __ ] I closed the door and when I came back I
I had already seated her with a glass
put on my neck telling me Dare
to get closer Come closer Dare to
say whatever I pulled it
That glass didn't pass him at all
I didn't cut anything, I did it more
into pieces so that he could not hurt himself
I swept it up again and threw it in the
container [ __ ] dude This is getting
getting very strong
Hey, man, what things are going on
counting on the internet
man, how do you start counting?
this the door and when I came back I opened it
had already sat with a glass on
on my neck telling me Dare to
come closer Dare Dare
Saying anything gives him a tug of that
glass
no mother of love
beautiful
lol
hosts hosts
man but it surpasses Amber hit and
everything eh to any person of which
we have commented on stories eh I think
overcomes it
Hey
God
I'm going to put a firecracker like delox with
This crazy video is giving me
flips face upside down
reverse
[ __ ] [ __ ]
kid
what the [ __ ] no I mean what the [ __ ] what the [ __ ] No
I am not going to comment on the specific case.
because good because
I haven't even seen the video, damn it
just saw a forensic analysis of
blondes where he puts his hands where he puts
toenails and where it says let's go
analyzing every second micros but not
but he hasn't found out about what about what
Ricky's thing Lali hasn't seen
nothing certain that has not been seen already
I say the video has certainly not been seen
gossip channels or anything like that
very sure okay very sure of him and
She this little beak is bad tomorrow instead
to answer questions about security
social and self-employed in the exam I will talk
of this gossip
Haha, you're disgusting, man, how [ __ ] disgusting
We have a community, but it's indigo.
rest your butt on the legs of
her boyfriend Okay, we're not going to finish there.
to Lola but we are going to try to
organize a boxing show between
absolutely nothing happened to us
I put my hand to pieces and smashed it further so that
could not hurt himself I did it again
sweep and threw it in the container that's the
reality of what I already reported as that
I chased her with crystals F my house
It also hurt me quite a bit to know that
during I am the only one who saw the face of
bird that Lali had when Ricardo
I did not present you that way about anyone
Please, I ask you one thing:
let's just hang out and laugh
sometimes or something because it is
surreal I mean I'm not laughing
of what is happening to him eh what I
what has happened to Ricky slowly, eh?
Not because of her what is happening to her
I'm sorry, I'm so sorry for Ricky but
[ __ ], he lied to everyone
has followed the bride's lead and has
belittled everyone to cover for her
has lied to his
audience you know but don't miss out
respect is an outrage, eh?
We have to assimilate information
and and once
assimilated think carefully about everything that
we are watching tonight
eh it's just crazy everything that
We are seeing that it exceeds the issue of
Johnny deck with Amber or so it is that
surpasses everything eh is that I have not seen
I don't think anyone has come this far.
far away Oh Noa Thank you very much
Welcome, no, don't be rude, really.
and he's going to invite her to the evening
Damn man, if you only knew one thing
that I'm not going to tell you because I
they counted in
private but I respect the things that I
count in
private of the last week in which
She shared with me that she wanted
show me that she was the woman of my life
and that we were best together and
that please stop showing it to me and
all that is that to her friend While
I was telling him so much that for the
the only one who was still trying to be in
contact with me was out of fear that he would
sinks his life to make a video but
That is what she confirmed to me in
called and being aware of it I know
that everything else is also real Although
I don't want to confess it anymore because
confirm to me that I really felt
fear that sinks your life means that
He had reasons to give me so that I
I would like to sink life Although in
on no occasion would he have acted in that way
way and would never ever have used
my channels to harm a
person if what he has done was something
negative But he tells me that he tells me that
confess tries to end on a good note
and this is an important point of the video
that I wanted to reach and that I want
share because I want this too
serve as a defense in case she
try to take legal action
or invent something to manipulate to do
The problem is that he let himself be manipulated with
The girlfriend spoke horrors of Dallas and
the restraining order was even invented
What is Dallas thinking right now?
Dallas is in Japan Not me the time that
I spoke to him, he didn't know anything about this, Jos.
a kiss anything I know it has
contact within the police I know that
He has hacker contacts, I know he has them.
contacts, what a complaint he's going to file against you
Lali for the messages totally or so
Lali Lali is going to retaliate with
This eh Let's see how Amber still hasn't pooped
in bed, well, let's see, I've seen here
Worse things, listen to me, he's going to report you.
Lali is going to report him, she has contact
within the police, you can see
contact within police what you
you want is that he is going to report you is that
He's going to report you, come on, he's scared.
No, it's not that he's going to report it, it's him.
profile is the profile of the girl who will go to you
report and more when you have given it to him and
you have made it easy for the
Claro Mobile Ricky admitted what he did is
that he is going to report him, that's why he is like this
It is like this because he knows it.
He knows you better than we do, and you will know
account, look at all the things that
He knows and has been understanding us, look
all the things he knows he doesn't
we knew it, that is, what knows it
We don't know her, but no way
he knows he's going to do it he knows he's going to do it
report So she's not going to do this
leave
She will not leave this unpunished.
but not at all
way but no way
way she's not going to leave this like this
be
She this This video is going to cost her dearly
to Ricky to tell the
You're really going to find out, Ricky Edy.
It's true I'm seeing that there are a lot of people
who is not subscribed to this channel and to
Main channel is worth it if she reports it
and Ricky loses what would happen because he
lives in Andorra man I understand that
Carmen has to be based on a kiss I
I understand that it has to be based on being the
Resident in Andorra, I understand that she
You have to report it in
Andorra I don't know if there is any kind of
I agree that it will be judged in Spain, yes.
I have known cases where there are people
who has reported another person who lives in
Andorra and the trial was in Spain
So I think Andorra maybe
somehow it has like a
I don't know about partnership with Spain on that issue.
I really have no idea why there is
laws that are different in Spain than
In Andorra, see in a few minutes, gift
members but it is important to say that
Be careful not to have toxic relationships.
It doesn't matter if lsx is God, it's not worth more than
health and life a kiss a kiss
Thank you very much dasas already put one
tweet about it from Ricky to
see Fabricio
Welcome East
video
This video aged very
I'm bad, I'm Ricky and this is my
our truth
It's true that this has aged badly. Hello.
I'm Ricky and this is my
truth be our truth, trust you this
paripe eh our truth look at you
this teaser nonsense that already in itself
It was and it turns out that it was a lie that it was not
there was no rape
man, they had the [ __ ] nerve to do that
that teaser
how strong video
kid
what a strong kid
eh, they're never going to trust him
more The Raven Many
thanks reminder for all who
It seems that they forgot the obvious
Ricky edit's Pinocchio the clown was the
who made the girlfriend write about it
abuse on Twitter if it hadn't been for
he girlfriend would have only published that he
failed no I wouldn't have published even this
I think eh And he and he was the one who made that
she autofun Ase on Twitter
publishing a statement to compensate
the damage he did to her and he was Lali is a
Liar Yes but this guy is the thing
most manipulative I've ever seen in my life
and now it is used to do the
victim when he was
he who through manipulations and he
writing the tweets telling him
publicly that it was an abuse now
The poor victim plays the role. Ah, but it suits me.
to continue reporting a complaint that neither
has not taught me nor shown me in any way
moment even though I asked her for it
be able to respond in a way
You want a forceful V response
Hahaha No, it is not
that he is very much to blame
of all this but if it is what you
I'm saying that he has lied to everyone
the people the guy knowing him all the
true, I think Ricky has succeeded
things are bad and now he is collecting the cable
knew better and should drop the ball
face of shame no no it's never again
They are going to trust him. Just look at him.
tser and everything they have set up Knowing
He said it was not a rape
Man, how strong is today, huh?
Boy, how strong today is, boy
I won't say with hitmen but yes with
people who beat people up for pay or
They charge people because they have described them to me
with name and face This video is not a
revenge I have not recorded this because
I have screwed up, yes, I have done it to stay
with pleasure but not with bad intentions
How how how good way and this is a
important point of the video that I wanted to get to
arrive and I want to share because
I want this to also serve as a
defense in case she tries to undertake no
I know legal actions or invent something
manipulate evidence to do anything
I know that he has contact within the
I know the police have hacker contacts.
I know he has contacts, I didn't throw them away.
hitmen but yes with people who pay
They beat up or kill people because
He has described them to me with name and face
This video is not a revenge, I don't do this.
I recorded it for God's sake, what are we talking about?
Speaking clearly
he is scared
scared to screw it up, yes I did
to stay comfortable but not with one
bad intention This video for me is
Just a kiss, bald. Thank you very much.
because I've been posting for weeks
opinions giving testimony defending
a person who has been cheating on me
for many months going against
of my principles encouraging not to
report because the system doesn't work
sentencing people and removing myself from
half to people in my life who
They just wanted to open my eyes
when I already had them very open but
I just didn't want to give way to
understand it as such because it did not have
tests that directly proved it and
Now that I have them I am aware of
that what I'm saying is what
I truly feel it and that's why everyone
the videos I made on this topic
including them in response to others
youtubers I've seen a lot of people saying
has not realized things and
now he is a coward Lu so I have deleted
because what I defend in those videos is not
I'm proud of it now that I have it
I have demonstrated and proven that I am not
I am this does not mean that I think so
despicable and disgusting attitude that
had the creators who dared
to try to investigate on your own to
bring out the truth And they were
involving people who did not have
nothing to do with those involved in the
sexual acts or with people
related to both Laura and
I got in here So that's good for this
I've already answered before at the beginning, okay
This seems terribly sad to me.
seems despicable and disgusting because it
that I defend in those videos I am not
proud of them now that I have it
proven and proven I am not this
It doesn't mean that I don't find it despicable. And
disgusting attitude that they had
creators who dared to try
Investigate on your own so that you
It seems disgusting the creators who are
They dared to investigate on their own
contrasting information, that is to say,
you don't hear a more stupid thing in the
life or how it will seem to you
disgusting How disgusting is it going to seem to you
that there are people who dare to
investigate on your own whether you are a
liar, that is, if you have done up to a
teaser guy and a montage a spectacle
some videos edited later all week
uploading video against Dalas knowing that
they were lies
dude, I mean, and and and you dare to
It seems disgusting that there are people who
research and contrast the information
because you were
lying what the [ __ ] is this dude and besides
people who are not involved Claro
that are involved in many
Thank you Of course they are involved.
of course you were involved
You who mentioned his boyfriend
Alexia to the other to bring out the truth And
were involving people who
They had nothing to do with either of them
involved in the sexual act or with the
people related to both Laura
as with me back then that
It seemed disgusting and despicable to take out
theories that were sold as real only
for having a tire and envy for
content by professionalism or at a level
Personally, I don't know why that is something that
I'm going to continue feeling out of envy, uncle or
be it out of envy and criticizing the
The complaint I filed against Dala will continue.
standing up for the simple fact that I
He was disgraceful and called me
abuser before an audience of more than
10 million people apart from being
assuming and accepting theories as valid
and assumptions that he then criticizes
when someone makes a video and they release it
assumptions of but if the theories and
the assumptions were true if the
you are counting here so that is
He claims that Dalas has failed him
Dalas has disgraced him because he
He said abuser, let's see, I don't read it.
I wouldn't have put that label on it
It's true that that label is ugly, right? But you
you start saying in a video that
You register your girlfriend's cell phone while
who sleeps because you distrust
she
I mean, you, you, how are you going to explain that?
in court if Dallas says man to
see This is within the of the
This is judged in the women's court
No, what are you going to defend when you carry
8000 videos of Dallas and many of
They have insulted him and a lot of
tweets no G you're not going to put any
sue because you are not going to
win stop making excuses for not
debate with him
Dallas
debate and that's it, stop the nonsense
I'm going to report and I'm not going to report no
you are going to report
nothing you are not going to report anything because you are going
to lose the
coasts of why it behaves like a
real crazy and that now that I'm
Speaking of gossip channels,
I would also like Although I suppose that
At this height of the video it does not matter that
They're going to be crazy, they're going to justify
that they didn't know that they didn't get this
information before doing it anyway
I guess that's what I've put in it.
also on Twitter today but I would like
that this video this testimony what I have
said the tests of which I speak that
I have them not become the food of
this month this
Of course Ricky, you lie, but
We are the bad ones for denying
your lie The lie is a lack of
greater respect for any adjective. That is
to the gossip channels he asks that
Well, surely at this point it is
They are going to be crazy or they are going to say
who have not heard about this part of the
Ricky video that I don't have to that no
I have to start saying that I don't
find out about this part of the video that the
I'm reacting live to you how
damn are you going to make a 4 minute video
where are you telling me this series of
madness And you're telling me that you don't know
talk about
this you you are listening to what you
you have told here or you imagine
Borja Escalona uploads this video of 40
minutes and you're not going to make videos of
This I mean when you are not or that is it is
I don't understand. So, let's not talk about it.
They are not going to say no to this, they have not
heard this that I don't care what it is
I'm listening but this isn't me
I am treating you with respect I am not
trying not to get carried away obviously
within the humor and fun that
we have to have here so that people
have fun but man H man boy
that has released a teaser that you released a
teaser of this making up a story
that you know it was a lie and that you have
released a series of videos with your girlfriend
making up a story that you knew
It was a lie and then you started to
defend a testimony that was false
to make eight series of videos for him
Dallas and now you are now recognized
here you were defending a lie
and you have them
clear erase don't talk about this no
talk about this because I'm going to be
like a liar
man what balls
not dancing No man, let's see what we're going to do
Imagine the movement. No, really. This is
boy has a way of seeing some things
Walfer Things Welcome to the Family
has some ways and some thoughts
some real stories Some moves ve
Many colleagues from Antena 3, request
personal as I have said on Twitter that
I ask from the depths of my soul
I do this to eliminate this person
from my head the things he has done to me
the way it made me feel
how he played with me How he has
made the most of my time resources
of my money, of my hours of sleep, of
everything but it is not that it is that this
video propitiates that Dallas eh This video
causes Dallas to talk about the subject
and it's going to be a video of this and it's going to be
to answer this and we will have
to see what Dallas says but it is
This is all I've ever needed
that I needed it to have
ended up discovering what his was
reality and Laura This message is for you
I know you've seen it, I know you've seen it.
This is going to happen for real, it's not a
revenge this is not trying
destroy you in fact I would like to urge you
all the people who see this who
this content reaches you this
I testify to the true version that I just gave
tell and I have proven that you do not
attack me, I don't want anyone to do anything to you
although now that you have taken off the
social networks most likely not read
too much if you don't stop to look for it
you're pretty obsessed with Search
what people think of you AND
although you told me that you didn't look at the
networks I installed them for you at every moment
that you had available to see how you
They kept throwing away bills because the worst thing
was carrying It is that after having
tried to fit a lie at the level
global people will continue to take out their
positions on you that have ended
be true I do not urge anyone to you
attack that tells you nothing bad in fact
I request that no one else make this topic and
against me who am used to that
insult me, laugh at me,
call everything because everything
The world has thought that I was still
this time it has not been like that but
Something I do want you to be clear about
and that you remember and that this accompanies you
is that you are a bad person is that you are
a girl who doesn't have any kind of
Love that is not respected is not valued and
no matter how pretty and sexy she looks
who sits with the clothes that fit him
coming home You mma know that During
This year that we have spent together no
you have developed not even 1% of affection for
You work on it yourself, I don't care anymore.
I want Or at least I'm convincing myself
that if it is like this I am very clear about it
that you have done the way you have done
laughed at me that you tried
take advantage of all the conversations in
the ones you make the scripts for your
trusted people to follow me
convincing of the testimonies that
you want to save I have seen and read of
first hand the messages in which you
you ask please begging your
friends who lie verbatim like
[ __ ] rascals so that I don't separate from
I understand that because it was very good for you
be with me but well who doesn't like it
a person who decides is good
spend more than
850,000 expected to understand gymnastics
mental has the videos commenting on it
Borja sees little of Twitter crazy women
plex but when they investigate him they don't
It is valid, I do not understand why he says that
It's not about revenge, the video knows that
will have a lot of impact and has tried
tell it darker if not
Sorry to have cut off a bit
kiss, don't separate me from you, I understand that
because it was very good for you to be with me
but well, it doesn't suit anyone
literally as wicked [ __ ] for
that I may not separate myself from you message in the
What are you asking him for, please begging him
Jorge, a kiss, follow me.
convincing of the testimonies that
I want to save what I have seen and read
first hand the messages in which they
you ask please begging your
friends who lie verbatim like
[ __ ] rascals so that I don't know in their
day okay these conversations are with me
taught by you I understand that because
It was very good for you to be with me but
Well, who doesn't like a person?
who decides to spend more than 850,000 on a
apartment located in the center of a country that
has the property prices
very high only and exclusively for
love for affection And for giving you the peace that
You have been asking me for a year
in the form of a home where they could also
Being with your pets has just made me
written by a great friend of yours to whom you I
We know you've been using
during
many who bought an apartment for 800,000 euros
in the center of Madrid where the best
What I wish for you right now is that you
throw her out of your life too
maybe you realize what you're really like
He told me that now that he is blocked
Absolutely everywhere that is not
you have a way to get in touch
with me Do you want me to return you to your
cat an animal that you gave me that I
You allowed me to have it here at home because I
I wanted to adopt one and I was thinking of you.
giving a lot of problems on the floor so
small in which you normally live
I took it without any problem with a lot of
illusion and today even though in your
home spend more time I have enough
proven that he loves me much more
to me that the one who has developed for you
when I was in your house with no place to
doubt And you know what I'm not going to put
impediment Take it whenever you want That
Yes, I'm pretty sure this isn't it.
more than an excuse that you are going to use
to see once again try
take physical advantage of having me
ahead to do with me whatever you want
I win but I assure you I promise you
I give my word And as you loved to do
to you to cover up all the lies
that I was discovering you little by little
I swear by people and everything that
You wish it wouldn't happen again
I'm so sorry about the tone Ricky Don't go to
fight with her over the cat, listen to me
don't go fight with her over it
cat listen to me I've had This video I am
aware that there is a lot missing
information if I start opening the
folders with evidence that prove
All that summarized here is not finished
I could never throw hours and hours
talking about specific moments but
I think everything I've said sums it up
quite perfectly What has been the
order of what was done even if there is data that
I have already had to hide because the
people who have shared them with me
They have also asked me for absolute anonymity
I would like to say a huge thank you to
all those who despite being aware of
that could be suffering from one
loving blindness that I was not there
realizing things you have
Ricky signed his fund when making the teaser
This is my truth, our truth
Aidala retracted her belief in Ali and
We knew how manipulative this guy was.
blinded his hatred of the dalasito
mother had much to do with the task of
discover what the reality of the
situation not to those who had been
pressing it is called miur losos cat
ironic kiss is a race for me
realize the things that are not mine
you have said you will know what it is
what to do when it has to be done and from
what form should it be made Thank you very much
You will see the affection for having you
maintained without judging a situation that
seemed to be so exposed that she had
so much flank to the counter inventing
theory harming people who do not
had nothing to do with the entities
really related and that you have been
aware that during this last wave
I have tried to turn the page on content
from this and I have also tried to resume
the sections and everything that was
doing until then to clear my mind
and stay free even though I don't have it yet
of course when I'm going to publish this because
another of the last things he said to me
Laura on the call we made the other day
day was that he didn't care at all
to make videos and post tweets
that I did whatever I wanted because
She was very clear about her truth and knew
that I was going to be able to defend her without any
problem is very likely that after
having uploaded this a few days ago or the
time you need to reflect and
to rest since I'm going to visit my
family in Andalusia to try
disconnect a little from everything and apart
go to some familiar things that
had
earrings
Wow
Wow, I'm completely devastated.
Hey
incredible I'm completely devastated, huh?
uncle
God of my
life a kiss
Archeon God of my life
Kid, these people are going to end up badly, eh?
Gabriela, a kiss, these people are going to end up
very, very fatal, eh, very, very, very
very, very much
some are going to have a fatal
you fat Fat
fat, that is, these people are going to end up
fatal but fatal fatal fatal
Hey, what I have to say to you is very strong.
Show Wait wait a second eh vo
I'm going to get some water for a second, don't go.
eh a
cold second and you
want
You know what guy?
and I believe I believe
I think there are some things in the
video I think there are some things in it
video by which Lali Look at what you
I'm going to say, eh, I think there are some
things in the video why Lali
could take action against Ricky
eh I think there are some things that
It's been a good time, eh. Upload your upload.
tuor is coming in is coming in
I put it on the screen in a second, okay
eh I think there are really things for which
that I could take action for
against him eh There are some details there
some things that you have revealed and
some strong accusations
eh hello hello can you hear it there is no
strong accusations
eh, so he started saying, man, that
makes this video just in case she
send
hitmen what the [ __ ]
what the [ __ ] dude
a kiss
Ju Yes yes I have things that I believe that
there are things
of of his of his
intimacy that could have been spared
Okay, come in, Tudor, Tudor. Wait, don't let me
go the helmet okay you no you're not going to me
see me
Ok because I'm on the live
So you're not going to see me but the
People yes We are watching you
okay second I set my camera here in
the in the
corner I hear a little of me
I listen to Echo a lot, in fact, and also with
delay
as old as it is, as it is old
while but you have to remove the live
You have to listen to me here.
not for him
straight
he's not listening to me wait what
I got to that part here in Z gz and I know
I knew it was what there was, a shame, a red kiss
udor let us know when the cat has
stolen but I don't know why the helmet isn't on
Oh, of course, damn, my Bluetooth is gone.
wait
You hear me now now
Yes What's up How are you tor Good night
Good night, had you seen the video?
since we just saw what
barbarity I saw it at the hour or
After half an hour or so I got it done
kid, I've already talked to him
that something similar happened to me
yes yes we don't hear you we don't hear you
you sound like
background Leave me your case almost that you
heard better in Len
Uncle, now now I can hear you now
I'm listening
drill now
no no
don't turn up the volume here because it will
have to put Ah without a helmet or anything anymore
It is Yes, if I am not going to miss it
audio the mobile if you don't hear me You're fine
Now I can more or less hear you.
It's already the same as nothing I told you
What did you think of the video?
if you had felt identified in
some things that Ricky had told
wow
many for
example then when when he told him the
the subject of what when she arrived
to that uncle's house and said, "Wow, I'm here."
free eh take advantage of me And so to me
He sent a similar audio, I think he sent it to you.
I also said that once we left it
who went to a party and sent me an audio
like she had hooked up with someone else and such or
It is something that she usually does not
when you break up with your boyfriends eh How
warn them that they can go with others
boyfriends no or with other guys no but for
example, he sends her videos of her
in bed with other guys for
example
It looks like something, it looks like something of yours, it's already your brand.
the
house and you think that you think that Ricky
Ed has told the whole truth Or do you think that
still
this is being invented
something host Well, I think that
Yes, I think it does say something. I think so.
that he does tell the truth sincerely
From my point of view I do believe that
He tells the truth, I think he doesn't even pay taxes.
that he is going to report this one too
and then there are also things like his
part that also the
I understand that you empathize with him, don't you?
you refer Yes some things yes like
for example when he has done what
from when this frame broke with
The photo seems to me Aha, what did he say?
She appeared there and if he came closer he would
that happened then too
How was it that
said
Oh yes, he was talking about Zaragoza.
that he was an abuser, a manipulator and
All that, of course, if I see it myself.
that's what I was telling people that
How nice to see you there in Zaragoza.
She has called you an abuser
let's go and in fact he has participated
when he has made videos saying he is
boyfriend is reported and we have some
tests that such clear maybe the
people don't know who you are but there in
Zaragoza when they see a video
Ricked saying those things puts you in a bad place
perfectly and you have even had
problems that on some occasions
they have heckled you in the street
no how how that on some occasion by
In the street you have been heckled for
something she has said no
Of course you can tell us some episode and
don't feel
you could very well tell some episode of
some of some awkward situation by
whatever you've been through
man accusations to me for when I
he was going for me when I was going to skate that
They appeared there, they all looked at me
weird I think I think you told me one
maybe something of I don't know if it was in front or
behind the scenes of something
disco no Oh yes we went
party and we entered a place where she was
I went to another place because he appeared behind
we went to another one and so on until
We ended up in the fifth hole of Zaragoza
yes no but that someone you
He insulted you or said something like he gave you
abuse was from time to time
first times he said the good thing That
I guess it will be the first times
when he said that I had hit him
eh My former colleagues who appeared
Of course I showed up and they came to yell at me or
be your former colleagues They went to you
scream because they believed her
Of course, and now that you are already going
showing evidence of the conversations of
that she is lying and so on they have told you
apologized or is the plan still ongoing?
complicated Well look, I'm back
get along with two people
I've gotten along with the rest again. No
because they apologized to me long before
to make the video with you and all that and
The week or so went by and they went to a party
with her they had contact again
with her and such and I said I'm not sorry
a lot but
No, they have contacted me.
telling me that they are going to send me tests
that Ricky Eddie lies and then I
I told them, "Okay, sure, you can do it."
send whatever you want because
In the end we search for the information and
We give voice to all parties.
as if she wants to come and that
let's interview here you think she
would have a way of disproving everything that
Ricky has told
Not even Fly
I don't think so and you think she's going to
to denounce or because he was seen
scared
Damn, I wouldn't know.
tell you I believe I tell you my opinion I
I think neither